Had it been stolen?	0
Why can't they take it through the back door and up the stair?	0
09__ They won't give you any grief in the next few days, he said.	1
This woman has come from far away to write about your people.	0
That could work 09__ though it is easy to imagine conflicts of interest with the housing and planning functions of the department.	1
There are so many combinations of what to have, what to get, what we can't get, what we need really I think is, what we need is obviously going to be priority isn't it?	0
If you didn't know the tunes, you'd assume Holly's lyrics decorated some innocent backporch spooners from the turn-of-the-century: 09__ Stars appear and the shadows are fallin' You can hear my honey callin'.	1
Go on	1
The older men have blankets loosely slung over their shoulders.	0
We're going to estate agents but we thought	0
She's got ta eat.	0
Crossing the autoroute and turning north on the D127 brings you to St Jean-d'Angely by way of the isolated church of Fenioux.	1
Education was to guide the infant through the transition to manhood including such stages as childhood, boyhood and youth.	1
09__ We are betrothed.	0
Single-car, articulated or double-decker, trams are one of the most reliable and enduring forms of public transport invented.	0
09__ I won't forget.	0
His scepticism goes to the extent of even denying the existence of 09__ society or 09__ the nation as such( II, 24, 61) 09__ the very totalities which his own general argument for totalization requires.	1
09__ Having trouble? a voice beside her asked.	1
Plus a backdrop of houses covering the valley walls on either side, a reminder that wherever industrialised societies decide to deal with their most intractable problems, they are unlikely to find a place to do so which is not in somebody's back yard.	1
We haven't even started.	0
Tepilit does not stand up.	0
09__ Are they milk cattle living in a house as I have heard?	0
Usually the slightest whisper travelled like jungle drums through the world of fashion.	1
Put them off today's	1
well he told me when I claimed	1
He washes his face.	0
Furthermore, these girls will tend to go into a career with a feminine image, one which already attracts many girls.	1
Sartre's reaction to the threat that the negation of a negation may produce a detotalizing effect is to introduce a new category, a unifying force of a 09__ singularization which incarnates the universal: 09__ If totalization really is an ongoing process, he writes, 09__ then it operates everywhere.	1
Oh Jesus Christ! 09__ suppose there's something major?	0
I said I've failed!	0
Its totalization takes place through its incarnation, as part of the totality of boxing, in the overall framework within which each individual fight occurs.	1
Children have served philosophy very well.	1
just turn them off, and that's it Just normal conversations the words that people use in common different areas of the country, with accents and dialect and one thing and another it's for the Oxford English Dictionary the next edition.	0
Actually they perhaps let us go back on them then	0
They want to kill him.	0
09__ Marxism, on the other hand, Sartre claims, 09__ is History itself becoming conscious of itself( I, 40): as for Luk03cs, it is by becoming conscious of itself as the subject of history that the working class will understand history's meaning 09__ and so recognize itself as the meaning of history.	1
We beat southwards all that first day, slicing through a glittering sea, and propelled by an apparently changeless south-easterly trade wind.	1
The masts may seem unsightly to those unused to them, but I am sure it is simply a matter of getting accustomed.	0
Who says that?	0
I'll try again bloody lucky!	0
09__ The cells are luxurious compared to some of the things we put up with in the Army, said one staff member during a Press tour of the jail.	0
We catch sight of a small plane circling the mountain.	1
Supposed to be four hundred in the Ranch House last night.	0
So do the Chinese press statements asserting that Hong Kong is 09__ entirely a business between China and Britain and should not be discussed, formally or informally, at any international forum.	1
In training for youth, the child must be given reasons; in the training of the infant for childhood this can not be done.	1
Now Holt and Harris both have many wise, enlightened and humane observations to make about some of the injustices which we inflict upon children, but as these remarks show, putting them right without inflicting equally grave injustice is no easy matter.	1
Ooh thank you.	0
Don't forget	0
Emphasizing the applications and relevance of science: To obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative, flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage.	1
I have flown my plane with cadged army fuel six hundred miles.	0
The Labour Party Conference: Policy review throws a spanner in the Whitehall machinery	1
Volks Volks took them	0
I said Oh!	0
Does he think she will spend the rest of her life milking his cows and goats?	1
It snakes in and out of ports, along our busiest highways and through our most crowded cities.	0
For example, they take the view that 09__ criminals should be severely punished or that 09__ anyone who is unpopular deserves his fate.	1
Because there's one there, one on one of these that er either Paul Simon or Art Garfunkel or someone, can't remember which one, probably Art Garfunkel as Paul Simon does all his own doesn't he?	0
That's all well if you want it erased, I will I mean it's upto you entirely	0
they must have been putting two thousand in you know	1
Er er, I don't know actually.	0
Ta, see you later on.	0
So I mean, I still cook for Stuart, he still eats, even though I don't have it,.	0
The real use of this model linking personality development to subject choice is that it allows us to make predictions about how pupils might react to changes in school science curriculum and school organization.	1
We get smoke from the steel works across the valley, but we know what that is and we're not afraid of it.	1
No matter; only the accents change 09__ and the pants: here, the squares wear slacks, the good guys blue-jeans.	1
09__ Take the animal now, he says to his assistant gently.	0
But its last effort 09__ the Department of Economic Affairs, set up by Harold Wilson and headed by George Brown 09__ ended in futile departmental and ministerial infighting.	1
The only department which explicitly escapes unscathed is the one which Conservatives would most like to abolish: the Department of Energy.	1
Is that what you want?	0
But it still leaves us with the crucial problem that Sartre had to solve, namely how to link human consciousness with the processes of history so that the former can be said to be the agent of the latter.	1
In Liverpool, a dockers' spokesman with the Transport and General Workers Union admitted: 09__ Drivers aren't happy handling some of these commodities, but at least a lorry-driver has more idea of what he is handling than a docker, who could have a consignment and just not know what it is.	0
But the regulatory functions over the food industry, now split between MAFF and the Department of Health, would transfer to a new Food Standards Agency.	1
An individual's degree of extroversion or introversion is inherited, determined by his or her genetic make-up.	1
The increase will not be matched by dividend rises 09__ too many companies have been paying more than they could afford over the past two years and need to repair their reserves and ratios 09__ but 7 p.c. growth looks reasonable.	1
However, psychological causes are seen as treatable, whereas biological causes mark the individual for life.	1
The great philosophers have always produced such a person-oriented account at least for those whose education was thought to matter.	1
09__ If we do it properly any spot is the right spot, he insisted.	0
There are three key causes of the shambles: Mr Kenneth Clarke; the failure to separate emergency from non-emergency work; and the Whitley Council negotiating machinery.	0
two months and she phoned up and I kind of made out it got lost in the post.	1
But the Metternich-like skills of the US Secretary of State, Mr James Baker, are ensuring that America maintains a strong stake in each forum.	1
Do you know me?	0
This allows Sartre to include chance and contingency in his scheme.	1
Oh I bloody won a bottle wine and I could of won.	0
lot of people kind of saying come back again on Thursday So he's, he's.	0
You sort of pass it without realising, going to the Dordogne.	0
But in any case I can not marry your son.	0
He paused.	0
Carol was swaying at her.	0
Tell him that I am very sorry but I can not make exceptions.	1
probably need to get Ken's permission!	1
Well that's certainly my feeling I'm naturally disappointed but it I say, you did well and er	0
It involves nothing more than putting up 80-foot masts all over the land.	1
China claims that the Hong Kong Government recently gave a written commitment to limit the activities of the pro-democracy movement in the territory.	1
We're always out they always tend	0
The quantitative loss would be met by a qualitative improvement.	1
said he wouldn't.	0
Got ta get it right.	0
I'll make you some at home got some	0
It is also to be found in stronger or weaker versions of more cautious academic thought.	1
A question from our survey asked children whether they would like to know more about how a vacuum cleaner works; hardly anyone did, and girls were even less curious than boys.	1
I'd better get out this side I think.	0
I explained all that to Chatterton, but stressed that we would run for cover at the first sign of trouble.	1
he said you should have asked Jim	0
Giving who something?	0
Yet because the philosopher's adult has traditionally been male, his children boy children, and his educational programmes designed to facilitate the transition between them, the ideal of the fully human person has been masculinised to the point where otherwise thoughtful and sometimes good and wise men have unashamedly admitted that this defining ideal is not applicable to half the species.	1
Do you think you could just open the door for me please!	0
look round the front room, then they looked round the, the garden.	0
Well just go and stand on that path there cos there's another another car then.	0
Among the rich and famous who had come to the salon to have their hair cut, tinted and set, Paula recognised Dusty Springfield, the pop singer, her eyes big and sooty, her lips pearly pink, and was unable to suppress the thrill of excitement which ran through her.	1
A 09__ new Minister of Environmental Protection would operate inside the DoE.	1
And, for all the appeal of his singing and playing, Paul Hipp comes out pretty dull between the numbers.	1
performing arts and that's the technical	0
Well can you supervise if you don't know what the hell's going on!	1
Fairfax turns to her.	0
Paula asked boldly.	0
When the Prince and Princess of Wales quite rightly scrapped their tour of the mainland, they had the opportunity to make a contrasting point in Hong Kong.	1
I didn't know he said that to him!	0
What did he do, did he say	0
09__ Coming off cocaine isn't like that.	1
Certainly, Mr Wheeler convinced me that his company was going to huge lengths to keep itself clean.	1
The review adds: 09__ What we now seek is a DTI which will have an equal, if not superior status, to that of the Treasury.	1
We go for a second hand suite as well or	1
Don't forget Ann, in fact it's probably one of and in the back.	0
It's, it was the architects' department erm, till they go like you know, till they Palatine Hall erm, it used to be the architects' department.	0
But Mr Baker plainly views it as otherwise.	1
No I know time you get it back here it is.	0
Alright, you might have got the odd but it's all this warming, doing it and then half leaving it and then	0
The prison has a medical block with 24 beds and a gym with equipment that staff said would be the envy of many council leisure centres.	1
This trick took hours of practice, up and down the landing at the hostel while the other girls looked at her as if she had taken leave of her senses.	1
I've got extensions, sure.	0
I mean Brian's pulled in a lot of work.	0
I think everybody's finding finding it very amusing at the moment.	1
The girl pulled on her wrap and moved to the door looking back over her shoulder as she went and Paula was aware of the hostility in her gaze.	0
Punters wouldn't go, go for it.	1
He said he'd come to supervise, not to do it!	0
Claudia and Fairfax come closer.	0
Assuming the power station at the end of the line burns cleanly, the tram is virtually pollution free.	1
At this point a further contradiction in Sartre's whole enterprise begins to open up: for someone so deeply distrustful of universals it seems curious that he has involved himself so emphatically with the notions of totality, History, and the dialectic.	1
Can he say to him, 09__ You must stop being a Masai.	0
Opting for science will permit and possibly reinforce emotional reticence.	1
09__ I'll go and see him tomorrow.	0
And, if Holly's too boring for that, perhaps the best approach would be to write about his impact on others.	0
He paused before replying, then gave the smallest shake of his head.	1
Holt and Harris both, in the end, face the same problem.	1
The supertram is, in effect, a low-cost replacement for British Rail's ageing fleet of suburban diesel multiple-unit trains, those rasping diesels which change gear to the accompaniment of voluminous clouds of acrid black exhaust fumes and the blessing of train spotters.	1
He was supposed to deliver a bull to the district officer, it was about three weeks ago, and he decided at the last moment to replace the bull with another one.	0
But were it not for the perceived economic might of a more unified Economic Community, the dozen or so nations of the Pacific Rim, who have been meeting in Australia, might not have bothered.	1
I have lived here for nearly five years.	0
09__ I don't know.	0
But I told you before 09__ I couldn't afford to pay you what you're worth.	0
Two other schools were involved as controls where attitude testing but no interventions took place. 09_07	1
Biblical motifs recur 09__ some art-experts call them sermons in stone, and their messages would certainly have been clear to the often-illiterate medieval pilgrims trudging to Santiago de Compostela in Spain.	0
That is what being a citizen involves.	1
Environmental organisations, however, put the emphasis elsewhere.	1
If the more economically puny ASEAN countries( Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Thailand and the Philippines) were to bury their reservations, then the high growth from other partners, including such tigers as Thailand and South Korea alongside the more mature economies of Japan and Australia, could mean a dynamic coalition.	1
Unlike Luk03cs' insignificant event from which the universal is precariously drawn out through the narrative, Sartre's singularity works synecdochally in a conventional antinomy with the universal, the relation between the two structured according to the familiar nineteenth-century model of organic growth or process in which each singular event makes up the whole while, as he puts it, 09__ the whole is entirely present in the part as its present meaning and as its destiny.	1
09__ He told me you two were pakiteng, little heifers.	0
But when the proof comes it also turns out to rest on the assumption that it is already true.	1
I don't suppose I could persuade you to work for me in return?	0
09__ She won't have done that, Chatterton said with conviction.	0
A solicitor fails to draw up a will within a reasonable time for a client who subsequently dies.	0
Yeah see you at the car.	0
Perhaps we must make similar choices.	1
09__ My heart is breaking, she says.	1
Studies in this area have indicated that too strict or too lax parental attitudes increase the risk of delinquency( the work of John Bowlby, for example); they have found that if a young child is deprived of close personal relationships with parents or parent figures then 09__ problem behaviour is more common.	1
she's going on holiday in January	0
The Masai stand a short distance off, curious, but self-absorbed.	0
Well, it's gon na be a tight old squeeze.	0
In Escape from Childhood( 1974), John Holt notes that children are, in fact, capable of a great deal more than modern society allows them to be.	1
On that path, go on.	1
Several interventions were designed to make science more girl friendly.	1
How's it going?	1
09__ We are trying to establish the Truth of History'	0
Yeah, ooh, all them dingle dangles yeah	0
Apart from mislaying your purse, I mean.	0
While there are, no doubt, predispositions toward criminal behaviour, and clearly certain characteristics are inherited, most sociologists would reject these 09__ individual pathology sort of theories.	1
In such a situation the skilled care of social workers is crucial to ensuring that an unwanted by-product of success for some children is not the total destruction of self-esteem for others.	0
Actually from the original structure, I mean, it's, it's, it was half that size anyway.	0
Madame Mattli, remember, is used to the best.	0
I say, I'd	0
There was a fault on the computer governing the plant, said Mr Wheeler, and the fire had automatically shut down.	1
She does not want you to be tried by the government.	0
But the white man does not believe that cattle are payment for taking someone's life.	1
nothing to do with, he stood there, he said, it's not working, and he paid the bloody bill I put them on right.	1
It may be that tougher-looking delinquents are more liable to be put away than fragile looking ones.	1
The disaster was all the more stunning because people had come to assume that such things didn't happen.	1
A vast, smoke-blackened furnace; 100 people to do the work; massive investment 09__ the company spent 052m last year on cleaning up smoke emissions.	1
Over against the German army or the Vichy government, where social generality ruled, as it does in all machines of state, the Resistance offered the rare phenomenon of historical action which remained personal.	1
How could this take place?	1
Ey I told them, I said you might hear some right I was in the pub Saturday night, mind I did tell afterwards and he's ever such a nice fella he comes over door	0
But as I say, in the Sugar House so I mean, we've we, all we did was, was we the the big central area we just literally sort of lino type floor and carpeted round the edges	0
He grinned at her impishly.	0
Claudia Cohn-Casson is sitting under an enormous African fig tree near by, at a camp table spread with a Somali cloth.	0
THE QUESTION of just who would even want to be a partner with the US was underlined last night as the American Administration headed for default for the first time in its history.	1
Do you want a straw?	0
Well when you're eighty odd I doubt it dear.	0
How does History constantly totalize itself?	0
in the daytime I'm going home I'm not putting up with like that!	0
Girls choosing science are not particularly emotionally reticent or rigid in their thinking, although they do seem to have low self-esteem in terms of being socially and sexually attractive.	0
Of the 05190million invested in both funds, BCI investors faced a shortfall of up to 05100million.	1
Dad, could you walk it to MacDonalds?	0
09__ Not once but several times, he added.	1
Behind them, Ol Doinyo Lengai is catching the late afternoon sunlight.	1
Forget it.	0
Sleek, solidly built, gentle on the environment, they are often an ideal form of city transport.	0
The bulk of the blame for all that is placed on British Rail, which knowingly permitted these things to continue.	1
He said that the most important thing in the world, I mean our world, is to live la vraie vie.	0
How does it 09__ continually bring about the unity of dispersive profusion and integration?	0
Although they will slip through the city centre serving the essential parts 09__ shopping malls, leisure centres, theme parks, amusement arcades and museums 09__ the Manchester supertrams will also head out of town on a mix of reserved track and existing railway lines.	1
Well the chap next door's finding it very amusing!	1
THE TEXANS drawl 09__ Y'all, blacks go 09__ Yo, Hispanics leer 09__ Hey, ameeeeeeeego!.	0
Then he turns to the policeman: 09__ That's fine, sergeant.	0
Mind you, actually	0
The approach was collaborative: teachers were invited to work with the team as equal partners in the attempts both to investigate and find solutions to the GIST problem.	1
Make a list, I'll get it for you.	0
There are always accusations of piracy and copy-catting, though they can't usually be substantiated.	0
However much she may enjoy such pursuits, there will be times when she would actually rather wander the streets unaccompanied.	0
Piles of ruddy-brown ash lay heaped on the floor.	1
I can't support it.	1
The physical sciences in particular, offer a conventional career choice which is likely to win approval from parents, teachers and peers.	1
After the initial shock and disbelief, the Tysons grew angry 09__ at the advisers who convinced them about Barlow Clowes, at the Midland bank manager who gave verbal assurances of its security, at the regulatory authorities responsible for the investment community and at the Department of Trade and Industry which allowed the company to trade.	1
You can buy	0
carry it home here.	0
Well, you'll have nine bulbs and lights out got a thousand to do Ann's had	0
Without an adequate theory of their articulation, they simply begin to separate again.	1
09__ Go in peace.	0
You can only see twelve feet er, you'd think the place was empty in the bar.	0
That girl is really trying!	0
At supper, as at lunch, Robin-Anne ate with the appetite of a horse, though her brother hardly touched his chicken and pasta salad.	0
You have to help me, Tom.	0
Wall Street has been hitting new peaks this week too, which has given support to the London market( and even Japan's Nikkei index, in a typically erratic period, has gained nearly 800 points while London added its 245) but London has real strengths of its own.	1
You're going on a sponsored slim	1
I just can't believe how daft he is.	0
Is being treated as a child an intrinsically humiliating and self-denying experience?	0
Mr Wheeler, now moving to the rear of the plant to show off the 052m smoke-cleaning section, which had just broken down, pointed out that his company achieved destruction of at least 99.9999 per cent of all materials.	1
There is no mention in the education policy of how that might affect the Department of Education and Science.	0
Sometimes he is reminded of several things.	0
It is only too obvious that this balance between action and personal life was intimately bound up with the conditions of clandestine action and could not survive it.	1
The day thrift turned into a nightmare.	0
Ann thirty five and he's speeding now.	0
But he was overworked.	0
If Holt thinks that this proposal would remove an arbitrary boundary line between adults and children, then he is mistaken.	1
we'd pop in see how you were and	1
Women managers have a choice as to whether they wear trousers or a skirt.	0
09__ Think about what I said.	0
Then he pressed another knob and a big toy doll in his office window dropped its trousers.	1
The appearance of a famous face in the show rooms always caused a stir amongst the girls, who all longed to hook a wealthy husband 09__ and if he had a title, like the Aly Khan, or was a film star like Omar Shariff, then so much the better!	0
Pumps sucked air inwards.	1
Paula asked.	0
Have you got some money?	0
They won't hold up proceedings while we talk to him.	1
I'll come and work for you.	0
Oh dear, they can't get the stuff up the stairs dear!	0
America may have changed Presidents a year ago, but the fiscal thicket remains as inpenetrable as ever.	1
Before we look at sociological explanations it might be useful to ask yourself, or to discuss with colleagues, whether you feel that criminals are different 09__ types of person.	1
Even when the hits start, he's not content.	0
John's told me to tell you to go and get it, right I said I said Richard coming, for four hundred pound I you're not coming for it so that's it oh you think it was pub machine or	0
They've all finished early, they've unless they came in late with the order or something, extras or something.	0
Should have bought them for.	0
However, only a minority of adolescents will have reached the ego-identity achievement stage at the age when most pupils have to make crucial decisions about subject choice at school.	1
That means both that there is a dialectical meaning of the practical ensemble 09_07 and that each singular event totalizes in itself the practical ensemble in the infinite richness of its singularity( II, 26).	0
09__ Ole Sentue, I agree with you.	0
At least you won't have to carry it, at least we've got the car and we can we can	0
all, just hardboard like that, with just a little O like that and you, you, you shout a pint of beer and you pushed your money through and then a beer came out the other side!	1
My father just turned round I've had enough of it if Terry's not going to do the estimate he passes them on to Brian.	1
She was about to but she found a sticker on book	0
In the furnace control office I found shift foreman Keith Thomas and asked innocently if he had any physical problems: 09__ Not since my vasectomy.	0
walk back from town with, after all.	0
We were thus officially a dry boat, though I had hidden some Irish whiskey in the engine room, and I was sure that Ellen would have similarly salted away some vodka.	0
Where the end is person- rather than role-oriented 09__ that is, where the end is the development of the human mind and spirit rather than the production of, say, information technologists 09__ then education is valued in relation to some conception of worthwhile human existence which it is meant to serve.	1
I hated it!	0
The US sets its compass on two trading oceans Notebook.	1
Beside her Monsieur Mattli, a small Greek-looking man, some ten years her senior, was also quivering with indignation.	0
I am supposed to be at GHQ.	0
So you can't handle, you can't handle	0
They start to walk the short distance to her camp.	0
You mean she thinks you've been spying for me!	0
Crisis in this context describes a period of intensive self-examination in which one's beliefs and values are re-examined.	1
Same old story getting it underneath cos they're going higher up and underneath	1
09__ My father was an industrial chemist and he said if you want to go and work for them, go and work for them.	0
Right here, in this gaping mouth, lies the end of the chain.	1
That is the second thing to notice; the philosopher's children are boys.	0
Furthermore, the characteristics of those students who do opt for science show clear sex differences.	0
Heading for default.	1
She took her tray to the pay desk, opened her bag and felt for her purse.	0
09__ Its main concerns would become food and the people who consume it, not farming and those who produce it.	0
I like the secretiveness of a boat in the blackness, when the only thing to dislike is the prospect of dawn, which seems like a betrayal because, at night, in a boat under sail, it is easy to feel very close to God 09__ for eternity is all around.	1
The funding of higher education would become the responsibility of one body, rather than two.	0
yes, join you all	1
It is not clear whether or not Harris thinks that children of 10 should be obliged to take on full political status whether or not they want to, but Holt clearly does not.	0
Clapham, indeed, accounts for nearly half the 77 fatalities of the last ten years: compare that with the 5,000 deaths and 300,000 injuries every year on the roads.	0
It is a curiously paradoxical foundation uponupon which to build a theory of autonomy.	1
It would be naive to expect to uncover any ultimate explanation or basic cause for criminal behaviour, given the extensive and diverse behaviour that is encompassed by the term crime.	1
Or: 09__ You give me all your lovin' And your turtle-dovin'.	1
I tell you.	0
He took my best animal, even though I offered two in its place.	0
It took me most of a whole day, sir.	1
It only, pushing out the lasts, line, just emptied the line and he walked in.	1
Don't know if you're meant to use it.	0
09__ That girl is serious about giving it up, real serious, heavy serious!	0
go back and go back and take when you go back.	0
PCBs are so difficult to destroy, that Rechem's emission-monitoring systems are geared to detecting them on the grounds that if you destroy PCBs you destroy everything.	0
You wan na go!	0
I'm going.	0
For example Roe( 1952), Eiduson( 1962) and McClelland( 1962) suggested that male scientists often experienced a lonely childhood, perhaps suffering social isolation through illness or family circumstances, so that they developed a strong interest in their surrounding material world and a below average interest in other people and relationships.	0
And towering above these stage cliches is, of course, the driven genius whose music can not be stemmed by the forces of reaction.	1
Won it in the raffle gon na have a drop in our tea, warm us up!	0
Yet yesterday's report on the Clapham crash, confirming the picture which emerged throughout the Hidden inquiry, makes an event which seemed at the time totally unexpected look almost inevitable.	1
I mean, that you should make them sensible by the Mildness of your carriage, and the composure even in your correction of them, that what you do is reasonable in you and useful and necessary for them.	1
I don't think it will.	0
He finds it hard to communicate with people, not least his separated parents.	1
A car pulls up outside.	0
In the meantime, don't forget your friends, eh Paula?	0
She shrugged.	0
Got to eat	0
This means that first, they lead to results, and second, that the internal structure of social objects contains 09__ the double negation of themselves and of each constituent part by the other( II, 22).	1
No, don't bother!	0
09__ I think so.	0
09__ Do you realize what will happen to you if you are tried?	0
Until this year, the three independent review bodies which make recommendations for nurses, doctors and the professions allied to medicine have given much higher awards than the Whitley Councils.	1
Ellen gave me an amused glance.	1
Can't get through?	0
Of course, this last point does not show that there is no link between parent-child relations and crime and delinquency.	1
Yeah, I mean it's all light and smoke and all the tables and chairs are out and	0
The friend found one at a garage.	0
I might drop a pipe 09__ a little bit of a splash.	0
they're not, they're not little either, I saw a film and it was hanging past his knee caps	0
The most common reason for a biomusical is opportunism: take a star like Judy Garland or John Lennon, and you pick up a hit title and a hit score ready-made.	1
The other girls disliked her for her outstanding looks and her haughty ways and made no attempt to be friendly on anything but the most superficial level and the pattern cutters and sewing hands hurried home to their families and boyfriends the moment they finished their long day's work.	1
Mum mum mummy I want a straw.	0
Yeah it's just nice to know if there is something wrong	0
She is weeping.	0
The Tysons have yet to see any cash payment from the liquidators who have been winding up BCI's affairs.	1
In a major study of institutionalised delinquents( delinquents in some form of custody) in the USA in the 1950s, Sheldon and Eleanor Glueck found that delinquent boys were twice as likely to have a mesomorphic build, a chunky, muscular, compared with non-delinquent boys.	1
On his head he wears a head-dress of lion mane.	0
Paula guessed.	0
Some further evidence has come from our use of sentence completion tests with secondary-school pupils as part of our research programme at Chelsea.	1
09__ Promise you'll look in and say hello when you have time.	0
What was it, the Lords temporal and spiritual, that's what they call themselves.	0
shut up.	0
I've got the carrots here for.	0
Do you feel better now?	1
This chapter will examine a range of theories which attempt to explain such behaviour.	1
If it doesn't mum anyway it wouldn't fit in the garage because there's another car in there.	0
Rechem has responded with a rather desperate open-door policy aimed at soothing fears, and more recently by issuing about a dozen writs against the fiercest critics.	1
And I warn you, if any of my designs or anything like them turn up in the showroom at the House of Oliver I shall sue 09__ and win the sort of damages that will put your little friend out of business for good.	1
It's not as if there aren't aspects of his career that aren't worth exploring: how did he come to use drums, then almost unknown in Texan country line-ups?	1
The fact that at least half of the world's children would not actually go through this process beyond the first two stages is conveniently forgotten or ignored and, no doubt, the reasons for this were largely social.	1
She has an obsession with the drug that verges on monomania.	1
As they move forward, Tepilit, without warning, hurls his spear at the district officer from a few feet away.	0
I couldn't believe my ears!	0
warming it up again that does the damage.	0
so he's killing himself laughing I I've got to tell you Ron, I've been taping he said I don't give a monkeys you tape what, he said let them all hear, they'll all be able to pass it round!	1
It doesn't matter.	0
no so she started trussing, helping me.	0
The smell released by a pig or chicken farm is indescribable, and can affect 10 square miles of countryside around.	1
09__ I killed him on purpose.	0
Extroverts take longer to learn the rules of society, they are more likely to break them, and thus more likely become convicted criminals.	1
Yeah, we think it's	0
But if the valuer is negligent and you buy the property relying on his report, you may still be able to sue him for damages.	0
The plane is taxiing, pursued by a group of running Masai warriors, glorious in their red and purple robes, ochred hair, lion head-dresses and so on.	0
For all his use of the model of the boxing match, Sartre has really got no further with the fundamental question of how there can be totalization without a totalizer.	1
Saturday night there's gon na	0
09__ I do not pay you to have friends in rival fashion houses.	0
She didn't need a single second.	0
Analysis of these responses provides further information on sex differences and between those opting for different subjects.	0
Unfortunately the district officer stepped forward.	0
09__ You have killed a lion.	0
In a tone of meek appeasement, the letter draws attention to the arrest by Hong Kong police of anti-China demonstrators outside the agency's National Day reception.	1
Throughout, Sartre has nevertheless taken it 09__ for granted that such a totalisation is constantly developing both as History and as historical Truth( I, 822).	1
I didn't know what it meant.	1
In the fitting rooms at Taylors she fussed and fretted over her creations like a mother hen and though Paula was overawed by the great designer she also liked her on sight.	0
Anxieties which are currently felt most acutely by those living near destruction plants themselves may not always remain so localised.	1
A common result of this is that when the philosophers deny autonomy to women, they do so for the same sorts of reason that they deny it to children and cite lack of rationality, capriciousness and vulnerability among their characteristics.	0
It is simple enough for him to show that a boxing match takes place within a general totality of 09__ boxing, which is itself only ever present in any individual incarnation, for as a game each match is both an individual bout and something conducted according to general rules and a specific social tradition.	1
Thus were explained anatomically the enormous jaws, high cheek bones, prominent superciliary arches, solitary lines on the palms, extreme size of the orbits, handle-shaped or sessile ears found in criminals, savages and apes, insensibility of pain, extremely acute sight, tattooing, excessive idleness, love of orgies and the craving for evil for its own sake 09_07	1
Its remit for inter-departmental intrusion would be wide, with 09__ a watching brief over government action and the ability to initiate consumer legislation.	1
Frantically she rooted round, then checked her pockets without success.	1
The wastes include lindane, DDT, out-of-date drugs, carcinogenic chemicals, old cigars and even pornography( a different kind of pollution).	0
I've only got until tomorrow.	1
The crews are able to resuscitate heart attack patients, replace fluid intraveneously after severe blood loss, and insert tubes to maintain air supplies in unconconscious casualties.	0
She did not want to lose Paula, who was one of her best models, but already she was enjoying the reflected glory that came from having personally trained a house model for one of the great London couture houses.	1
They are approaching the fire.	0
One moment an avenue of chestnut trees looks 09__ like a child's drawing of ghosts; the next it appears 09__ frightening but derelict, like extinguished chandeliers; and finally the chestnuts 09__ prance at him, holding up their gleaming branches like hysterics.	1
And if your father is currently taking your side of things worth sounding him out as to how far he'll take	1
The House of Mattli was a husband and wife team who were numbered amongst the top ten names in the Incorporated Society of London Fashion Designers.	0
What it really means is that the new trams are a hybrid between street car and lightweight suburban train.	1
Ellen, who was perversely proud of her skills in the salad department, asked Rickie with just a touch of asperity.	0
They leave the boma.	0
Until the time when these things happen then Mill's disclaimer comes into operation.	1
She is the child of this paper unless I indicate otherwise.	1
Do you get one of these Ann?	0
Claudia sits with her eyes downcast.	0
This model seems to explain our observations.	1
Dialectical reason encounters such products as undecidables:	1
Surely that must be obvious to everyone who met him.	0
We really ought to be going to some to truss.	0
That's the way I feel, am I not allowed?	1
Unless it got personal, I'd turn it off, I mean I mean when we went the estate agents and solicitors	0
Has he made a statement?	1
No I didn't feel alright Ann.	1
We're in town, just in town doesn't matter where we go, does it?	0
Marvel at The Little Woman Behind The Man: 09__ I'd like to sing a song fer a special girlfriend who's kinda important to me.	0
did you have get his, well it int structural is it?	0
Gary should have been a girl, she had thought, for he was half a head smaller than she was with fair curling hair, baby-blue eyes and long thick lashes that were the envy of every woman who met him.	0
Fed up, cheesed off	0
Did he know you were going?	0
Workers in blue overalls drifted around us and cracked jokes in gentle Welsh accents.	1
As you always still continue to tell them yes you do.	0
You'd get a	0
I want to talk to the Masai man you are holding.	1
I will go now and deliver them myself to Narok.	0
09__ Was it taken down by a policeman?	1
That developing process is itself totalized through Sartre's assertion that each totalization is the totalization of all struggles, as it must be if the singular is to incarnate the universal.	1
Over Cook's side, he only lasted about three more weeks, I mean	0
It was so unusual for him to contribute anything to the conversation that Paula glanced at him in surprise.	1
With regard to the links between criminal behaviour and inherited characteristics, there have been a number of theoretical explanations suggesting an association between criminality and particular personality characteristics.	1
She said don't they have any details?	0
Don't forget to get er cooking apples.	0
Turnbull busies himself with his clipboard as his reply is translated.	0
So I worked out and the other two were really fitting and electrics and it was all down to Terry to sort those out.	1
But we could if we needed to.	0
Gary stared at her for a moment, pins spewing from his mouth and catching on the front of his black jersey.	1
09__ Don't you approve of that?	0
He chuckled, produced two cardboard cups, and poured me a generous slug of the whiskey.	1
I just swayed at her, and she	0
No one could therefore call for the closure of incineration plants at a stroke, because noxious chemicals have to go somewhere.	1
While such notions may all contains some elements of truth, they are by no means complete explanations of criminal behaviour.	1
And what they've, what they've got, they've got the bar in a far bottom corner	1
In the dialectical perspective, we encounter these objects as productions which are human and provided with a future 09_07 thus they seem by themselves to be totalizations in process.	1
I don't think he ever recorded it, I think he just used to sing it at his, er sort of cabaret.	0
09__ But Gary 09__ I haven't been spying for you!	0
09__ Do you speak Masai?	0
This one was in soft light green with a boxy shaped jacket and narrow skirt and the same green-and-white check material of the little sleeveless blouse had been used to line the jacket and face the wide reveres.	1
his face at moment, he hadn't been anywhere round to, since all this happened before Christmas.	0
09__ Determined to die.	0
And then watch	0
But its future direction remains unknown and indeterminate.	0
What's the point of carrying on like that?	0
But I have tried to talk to him, to persuade him to say that he thought the askaris were going to shoot him or that it was a misunderstanding, but he refuse absolutely to excuse himself.	0
Girls Into Science and Technology( GIST) was the first major schools-based project addressing problems of sex stereotyping at school, and was an example of 09__ action research in education; the project simultaneously took action to improve girls' achievement in science and technology and investigated the reasons for their under-achievement.	1
That gives you your bit of character.	1
She offers her hand in the Masai manner, her head bowed.	0
Yeah all she has to do is go go round her bit round just a normal road, across the road down a little bit and she's there.	0
New departments and quangos would, according to the review, be designed to act as irritants and antagonists within the Civil Service system.	1
Their problem seems to be not one of the inability to choose goals or to form strategies for achieving them, but an incorrigible propensity to choose the wrong ones and an awesome efficiency in achieving them unless adults intervene.	1
I knew I'd be in trouble!	0
You ought to Rainbows or something got the car at least then	0
Hobbes is not using an inductive argument here; the 09__ possibility apparent is not an inductive argument from observations about past children but is meant to refer to some discernible feature of present ones.	1
The 320 inmates will be allowed out of their cells for 14 hours a day with a minimum of six hours education and 13 hours exercise a week.	0
I erm got, check you've got two days, you've got give me the estimate, it's got to be on because she's expecting it to be done straight away on the computer and sent.	1
Gary looked crestfallen.	0
I asked Ellen that afternoon.	0
It will take me bleeding years to reach my goal	1
Have you got in your hand did I say, dry cat food?	0
Another man was killed in the ridiculous filming.	0
Do you want a straw mum?	0
Away you go.	0
She'll, she'll think that's an elephant's trunk in her pocket and she won't realize	0
He is carrying some papers and is accompanied by two askaris with rifles, and an interpreter, dressed in khakis.	0
There is evidence that girls tend to be socialized into adult roles more through their potential of becoming a mother and housewife than through their career( Douvan and Adelson, 1966).	0
09__ And I had to lose a good, good woman before I came to my senses.	1
Yeah, John's already decided, that's alright.	0
You'll have all them warriors chasing you round the jungle, they have their little blow pipes	0
I suppose that's what John thought, we might not get them done, start early and get them finished	1
As she speaks we see a Masai market.	0
Her dark, grey-streaked hair, which she wore in a long bob, had been cut by Vidal Sassoon and she wore a beautifully tailored black suit relieved only by a little white flounce at the neckline.	1
But a disclaimer can never take away your rights under the Defective Premises Act 1972 for the collapsing conservatory or prevent anyone being sued for negligence which has caused death or injury.	1
Er I think they it's nine hundred	0
But the district officer, Miles Turnbull, would not accept it 09_07	0
Never mind you got as far as you could, so at least you got that far Deirdre.	0
We we will, I'm just saying we do wan na get into cocktail and	1
He led the way, his slim hips in the tight fitting pants snaking gracefully between the tables.	0
Sentue takes a few moments to reply.	1
A change in the tax rules affecting pensions was shortly followed by a job with the Department of Environment's Property Services Agency, a post which carries him through to March and may see him stay until he is 70.	1
He doesn't smoke or drink, and even if he wanted to, two heart attacks and a by-pass operation have made the decision for him.	1
The whole point of a visit to Hong Kong now, five months after Tiananmen Square, should be to declare with royal authority that Britain shares the concerns of the Hong Kong people and is determined to do something about them.	1
I know, yeah.	0
Can you pass me that er, sheet?	0
I guessed, but did not make him confirm my guess.	1
You want some mincemeat?	0
When, when I went to get my tickets she said	0
Cos if you're not feeling up to it, as well lard?	1
Throughout we should ask ourselves, does this( whatever is being said) apply to her?	1
No that's what I say if calculated wrong	0
I nodded.	0
At least you keep in touch, some of them get shoved away and they never, nobody don't bother with them do they?	1
After all, the Jumbo, a handsome and imposing articulated unit designed by architect, engineer and critic Klaus Giovanni Koenig, will be seen on the streets of Milan for the next half-century.	0
But it is also apparent that that totality is not completely known, nor is its future shape even presumed.	0
Again, women well know what it is like to be treated as children and they find it offensive.	1
She looks up into the sky in the direction of Ol Doinyo Lengai.	0
Everyone starts on me	0
The adolescent does not, however, need to achieve a clear ego-identity on all topics at one time.	0
I'm sorry to leave you, but I assure you you need not worry on that score.	1
The plane is still now, surrounded by the warriors.	0
The government will help your son, but he must not say that he killed the white man on purpose.	0
The universal, the totality, can only be known through the singular.	0
You know, I don't feel myself anyway I can't I can't get through to anyway I'll try so it doesn't matter.	1
One thing they are all quite sure about is that children are not like adults; in particular they agree that children lack some capacity for rational thought which adults have.	0
So that I can go through my designs and make quite certain that there is not one collar, not one cuff detail, not the slightest influence that they could accuse me of copying from them.	1
Unwilling to follow Merleau-Ponty by dropping the second in favour of the first, Sartre argued that it was possible for man to be both at once through the movement of praxis, that is intentional actions which produce material effects.	1
Thank you.	0
There is more greenery further south in the deep forest of Chize( with the fine Renaissance chateau of Dampierre-sur-Boutonne at its edge); and more marshes to the west around Rochefort and Marennes, where those mussels and oysters are raised.	1
Are you coming Christopher or are you going to sit here to have your meal?	0
If we compare boys of 14 years of age who opt for science with other boys, we find that the former have very cut-and-dried views on many issues.	1
09__ What do you mean?	0
got	1
We I'll call in	1
Yet each individual bout articulates itself within the framework of the history of boxing, known and unknown.	1
09__ Anything to help a friend.	0
09__ I wrote it for you, he assures his gal before the ballads, but how can you tell?	0
A reasonable one, I mean you can go up to two thousand for a good one, but a reasonable one you wouldn't get nowadays under seven hundred and ninety nine	1
Let's got to MacDonalds for our tea.	0
want to be helped.	0
Girls are not uninterested in science, they are bored by the limited version of it they meet in school.	1
But it was great to see you again, Paula.	0
I can't see it.	0
09__ He would not agree?	0
It bounces alarmingly as it gathers speed.	1
I've only got a thousand Sainsburys to do and we'll be all done by	0
I don't know.	0
09__ There is no incinerator which completely destroys toxic wastes, Madeleine Cobbing, Greenpeace's toxics campaigner, told me.	0
Yeah, I'm going in as well darling.	0
Fahfakhs said that.	0
Suppose Holt's 6-year-old does opt out of school?	0
Well you can't afford to lose them, can you?	1
The immature deliberative faculty will mature; children have the 09__ possibility apparent of turning into rational beings( Hobbes); they love to be reated as though they were rational though they are not so yet( Locke); you can give the prerational child reasons for acting in certain ways and he will turn into the youth who is capable of having principles( Kant).	1
CANBERRA may seem an awful long way from exchanges on the floor of the House of Commons over the European Monetary System.	0
I should imagine it's a new car.	0
Madame Mattli might be a stickler for detail, with a generous helping of the artistic temperament which kept her tight-coiled as a spring and which would explode into frenzy if the smallest detail was not as it should be, but she also had a kind face and deep perceptive eyes.	1
Said a Ranch House from.	0
09__ I won't, she promised, glancing at her watch.	0
So we'll want	0
Law: Always take along a friend to sue: Litigation can pay off even in the unlikeliest circumstances.	0
In those cases there is no possible treatment, one is born a criminal.	0
But until they get any money back, the Tysons find themselves in the position of the gambler who gambled all and lost.	1
If I can do anything I must know the facts.	0
Anytime But I remember bloody you coming in on a Sunday morning sometimes you, bloody can hardly the bed!	0
The project and its outcomes have been fully described elsewhere( Smail et al.,	0
No I'm listening to them, I'm doing a project.	0
But all the same I couldn't make such a move without giving it some thought, Paula said grandly.	1
Ole Sentue Simel, you must speak to your son.	0
My peg top evening gown 09__ my beautiful cerise lace 09__ I could end up having to rethink the whole collection!	0
Well I'll stay and have my bath between eight and nine and you can go and have a drink no I don't think I'll be going out this evening.	0
Wiltshire and Northumbria have already shown how much can be achieved.	1
Yet the ambulance worker is only being offered 0510,000, when a fire officer is being given 0513,000 and a Metropolitan police constable can earn 0525,000.	0
That turkey has got one chance of avoiding jail, just one, and that chance is by proving to the judge that he's cleaned up his act.	1
And that bastard, un vrai salaud 09__ do you speak French? 09__ Leavitt walked away very happy.	0
09__ What do you want to discuss?	0
Well, I mean he'd done, he's done this first estimate, these are all just polishing touches cos people are obviously interested in, you know they're well keen on our prices.	1
WHEN things go wrong you can sue more often than you may think.	0
This, Paula soon discovered, was the way of the fashion world 09__ a constant frantic rush against the clock, to have collections ready on time or to complete individual couture garments for customers who always considered their order more urgent, more important, than that of anyone else.	1
As a result of the stalemate, the Treasury has been forced to postpone $40billion in debt auctions this week.	1
His response to this rejection is as flat as his reaction to the massive demonstration which Keith has earlier persuaded him to join against the Vietnam War.	1
Where does Gemma live?	0
Such an ideal does not stand isolated from the practices which strive towards it but interacts with those practices, helps to construct them, and is in turn constructed by them.	1
Well, better than that, and one of the best things about it is the fact that so few people, except the French themselves, bother with it.	0
So I don't know.	0
What effect would delaying the choice make?	1
But if he was moving to London his new fashion house would soon be a talking point.	1
When you killed the district officer it was an accident.	0
I shall suggest that this does not follow because rationality is not in fact the grounds for the distinction in the first place.	1
That's my ticket, not yours why are you saying thank you!	0
The overhead wires are so slight that you have to look hard to see them.	0
This violent event, described at length in hysterically colourful terms, is the only piece of history to be woven convincingly into the plot.	1
Not only are these songs impossible to use dramatically, they're also too vague to use as incidental music, to underline or punctuate aspects of Holly's life or the 1950s more generally.	1
Do you know what my professor said?	0
You're gon na have to have somebody else to take the money won't you?	0
They walked back to South Audley Street together, weaving their way through the lunchtime crowds on the pavements, the tall, striking girl and the young man whose pixieish looks belied his twenty-six years.	1
I used to end up hitting them like a golf ball!	0
And then I asked my father on Tuesday to remind him and he said, he'd already said he'd fetch them in on Tuesday.	1
Yeah they've got it	0
Now that buses are no longer designed to enhance the streets they serve, Manchester has a chance to make a fresh start with its trams.	1
But he must help himself.	0
A young white policeman appears from his office reluctantly.	0
She was in first thing, I mean I sent it off that evening she was in first thing the next morning yes that's fine.	0
That's what John said, he wanted	0
He seems determined to die.	0
There were new tricks of modelling to be learned too 09__ how to remove a coat, sliding It carefully off her shoulders with the sleeves hanging in perfect balance, never for one moment allowing the inside to be on view, for samples were often unlined.	0
I have to explain to him what happened.	0
Here Only me about me getting drunk, as if I would dear!	0
Nobody put, nobody asked for mine or Stuart's it's just	0
Up, up the alleyway by the Yorkshire, you got Yorkshire House there	1
But I thought, well if Terry notices he might.	0
I'll take them.	0
You threw the spear wildly.	0
The disposal of toxic wastes is one of the most intractable problems facing industrialised societies.	1
PEOPLE tend to look vague when you mention Poitou.	1
Thought you might want a lift.	0
No I never swore everybody to secrecy but they all know it you cos you told them!	0
They stress the link between criminal behaviour and specific personality traits or characteristics.	1
Go back and get some more breadcrumbs	0
Yeah, must be used to the must do it sometime	0
Thank you darling	0
Certainly, we have neither the design nor the actual possibility of showing here the full truth of dialectical materialism 09_07	1
The watching Masai begin to walk away after a long, contemplative moment.	0
Nobody makes a move to stop him.	1
And it hasn't been sorted yet?	1
Want a cup of tea Jean?	0
09__ He came to my house and told me what had happened.	0
So I said well, no it's not now is it, it's erm, oh it's that school that the.	0
He always gets like that and then he forgets after like a month or two when he hasn't worked for him.	0
I I I I want a straw.	0
All that counts are the records, a rhythmically unusual Tex-Mex fusion of rock'n'roll and older western elements, pioneering what became the standard pop instrumentation of two guitars, bass and drums.	0
It ain't, well it wasn't really disgusting but it	0
They get them little knives	0
Where to park?	0
I have to go to my country to see my father.	0
09__ And it's even harder, Jackson Chatterton's voice was suddenly sinister, 09__ for a poor person who has no one to help them.	0
You've won a bottle of whisky, Stuart said thank you.	0
Consequently, very few girls at the foreclosure stage will enter science unless they receive considerable encouragement and a model to do so from their parents and their school.	1
He thus asserts the Truth of History while constantly projecting forwards and deferring its proof.	1
09__ I told my son only trouble could come from being your pakiteng.	1
I had no idea, Paula said, surprised she had not already heard the news.	0
But as we approach the age of youth reason appears.	1
wipe it off but nobody knows who you are anyway so what difference does it make?	1
He wipes his face with his sleeve.	0
Disclaimers may also be used by referees and others to rob you of a claim for damages.	1
The Masai begin to sing.	0
It might still be necessary to ask why delinquency occurred with one son or daughter but not another.	0
How far back does this go, I suppose early fifties?	1
I did not take it seriously.	1
Twenty chicken nuggets please.	0
09__ The priority of MAFF must become food, not farming, the policy review says.	1
In April 1985 a tanker spilled 200 litres of PCBs over the main Trans-Canada Highway on the border between Ontario and Manitoba.	1
They've improved the chimney recently and it's very much better than it was but we still get the smells.	1
How do you know which way	0
He looked like a worried small boy.	0
I'll tell you what	0
You lose the gift which the will would have made.	1
Thank you dear.	0
Ha it won't go more than that!	0
I've got another weight watcher's order form, four,	0
No, that's what everybody thought	0
Such findings give us some clues about the characteristics of boys and girls of these ages.	1
She told him.	0
09__ Even salmon, he assured me, 09__ but of course those are protected and must be thrown back.	0
Bob makes tables.	0
09__ Now that they can't get hold of cocaine they'll just crash out.	1
He was born in Lubbock, married a nice Spanish girl and died young in a 09__ plane crash in 1959.	0
This model was originally postulated by Erikson( 1965) and then developed by Marcia( 1966 and 1976).	0
Is that what he said to you?	0
what's happen with the.	0
Me dad said he's had enough Well, we were debating whether to give it to you or not.	1
09__ We must run it safely in the short term and long term, he said, 09__ because if people are able to demonstrate that we are causing an environment problem we will be shut down.	1
They wanted to do something but felt powerless.	1
09__ They are dedicated people who clearly know what they are talking about and have guided us through it.	1
Though individuals are nailed, the greatest villain of all is the system.	1
Almost every man is accompanied by a goat or a cow, held on a short leather thong or controlled by a thin stick.	1
09__ We'll have a bit more sea, kick up some spray.	0
Gary asked.	0
Cos Rita assembled it for us.	1
Cos he'll eat them, he'll be stood there waiting for them coming out of the blooming oven!	0
They're not allowed to smoke.	0
where's the estate agents anyway, you're going to here?	0
Do you know it was only five lines.	0
At what age ought the education for youth to begin?	1
But the vaporous presences that float through this slender and anaemic first novel by a notable poet would appear to support the claim.	1
That one he went didn't he?	0
Can't remember which one it is but I'll recognise it when I hear it.	0
You never know	0
Why are the doors always wrote wrong way!	0
Oh I tell you what is quite funny these, the act.	0
No, got some	0
I'm on the P D C and it's it's going and the phones six baskets about twenty baskets to be checked minutes	1
when I lost my six and a half stone	1
I'll tell her not to cook.	0
Your people do not believe it is right to offer cows to his family.	0
I grimaced.	0
Well I don't feel	0
Like Labour in 1979, the Conservatives have put military ambulances on standby.	1
Struggled with it a little	1
There is a refreshing simplicity and tenderness in Motion's account of the way Francis nurses her, but she herself is too sketchily drawn for the episode to carry much weight.	1
Yeah, I already told that.	0
they'll say well you, it's awful, you're awfully sorry but it's.	0
That's when the real hell begins.	0
The lower reaches of the Sevre Niortaise are swollen with the waters that once covered the whole area, until medieval monks started to dig a spider-web of ditches to drain it.	0
Oh we were waiting and waiting in the end we got in the car.	0
This would, necessarily, ignore the fact that many criminals do not go to prison, and that, perhaps, people in prison are not always criminal.	1
So well I shall wander back with my little book now.	0
Liverpool dockers recently turned back parts of a 1,500-tonne consignment of Canadian PCBs( polychlorinated biphenyls) bound for this plant in Gwent.	1
The dialectic is the law that remains hidden.	0
In the Garden Update: Growing classes	0
It is then a matter of preference whether you say that they can not choose the goals or that they can not form strategies to achieve them or both.	1
You can make it different like and make it sort of still a dance area.	0
Choke up at The Price Of Fame: 09__ I give 09__ em everything and they stick a knife in my back.	1
That when women are given the vote it follows that children should be given it too is no argument at all, but a version of it occurs in modern debates over the justice or injustice of Mill's famous disclaimer in his essay On Liberty.	1
I was gon na drive anyway	0
I know I come on a Friday I were absolutely gobsmacked!	0
Or if anybody told me, I mean I wouldn't and talking in confidence about their private life or	0
The 09__ detour, of Stalinism is thus formalized as Marxism's own descent into its unconscious, resulting in a dream-work of heterogeneous histories that have eluded systematization and subsumption into the single meaning of Marxism's own reading of history.	1
While new departments are born and others extended, one of the oldest 09__ the Home Office 09__ would become a shadow of its present self.	1
Madame Mattli demanded.	0
He can not wait for the proposed exchange of animals.	0
Why is John, and Ann and Paul and Teresa and all them been on that trussing line, and Merv.	0
I shall be expecting you.	0
There ain't no pill to get you off the powder, Mr Breakspear, only will power.	1
We're actually going a bit over we were going forty five, we're now back to forty now.	0
You've just got to give, you know, we've put by and we said.	0
It wouldn't be if it fell, would it!	0
look as though you book it then	0
Now it is making a third bid for influence.	1
Clearly there would need to be some drastic pruning of content.	0
Keeping him busy out on estimates and	0
Lovely, thank you darling, oh we didn't get much further on there, what we started with this morning, no so	1
You ought to save them wooden type of things for it.	1
Ellen was still awake, talking in the stateroom with Rickie, but everyone else seemed asleep.	0
GIST had more success in altering children's attitudes than their subject choices, suggesting that it is easier to change attitudes and beliefs than actual behaviour.	1
If each action negates the aim of the other, where is the 09__ unity totalized in the conflict?	0
What can he tell him?	0
We're gon na be in	0
The few models which have been developed to date may have been correct as far as they go but are clearly incomplete.	1
Small children can sometimes be persuaded to eat cow cake in the same way that old people will eat cat food, but the chief result of all this farming was to produce huge food mountains which we could then refuse to give to the Third World, or to the socialists of Eastern Europe, in order to teach them the error of their ways.	1
I can't think that one person in a car on their own would want to go to MacDonalds too often.	0
09__ I knew his family well.	0
I can't help	0
To use his own language:	0
The hero, Francis Mayne, is suffering from the adolescent's emotional confusion and acute self-consciousness.	0
why what you speak to me, what were you saying?	0
Thereafter, there is a steady decline of interest in science and this disillusionment extends right through the secondary-school years and into the undergraduate period.	1
The sounds are the same as those of daylight, yet somehow the night magnifies and sharpens the creak of a yielding block, the sigh of air over a shroud, the stretching of a sail, the hiss of water sliding sleek against the hull, the curl of a quarter-wave falling away, and the thump as a wave strikes the cutwater to be sheared into two bright slices of whiteness.	1
I take I take, only occasionally I go mad and let ripe and have quite a few, other times I just be on an orange juice and lemonade	0
I glanced up at the sails, down at the compass, then ahead to where the lighthouse loom arced powerfully through the night.	0
Shall we take photographs?	1
There would be Skills UK 09__ a locally structured training commission 09__ a Fair Wages Commission, a Health Technology Commission, a Health Quality Commission, an Education Standards Council, an Independent Sentencing Council, a Children's Commissioner, an Environmental Protection Executive, and a Social Insurance Fund administered by 09_07 09__ an independent commission.	1
In some cases Labour's quangos merge existing ones, or replace well-established bodies.	1
Furthermore, if criminals are abnormal then it follows that a large proportion of the population must also be abnormal.	1
Yeah sit down.	0
order my	1
he's got, he said he'd be better at ten o'clock.	0
That's the only way you could actually make that work at all.	1
But she was determined Madame should not be aware of either.	0
Well there's one on there, I can't remember	0
Warned not to sing rock'n'roll on a c&w station, Buddy Holly insists, 09__ I got ta play ma music.	0
They seem to be weighing the incident carefully in their minds.	1
09__ I noticed that Rickie wasn't eating today, I said, 09__ but Robin-Anne was?	0
I seem to have lost my purse 09_07 she explained.	0
She had met him back home in the west country when he had come to supervise a show put on by one of the big ready-to-wear labels, Carnega, for whom he worked as a junior member of the design team.	1
He admits killing the DO.	1
I found yeah there is some out there, they were alright so I I I boiled them up they're alright.	0
He is not prepared to discuss this dishonourable argument.	0
They, too, reacted with water, and a plant operator was burned by a cloud of acid gas.	0
And let me tell you, coming off coke is the hardest damn thing in the world, and you're real lucky if you have a rich daddy who pays for people to hold your hand while you go through the hell of it.	1
Group 4 Remand Services Ltd, the security firm selected by the Home Office to manage The Wolds in a 055 million-a-year contract, likes to think of its prisoners as customers.	1
And now my family have offered forty-nine cattle to his family, but the government will not take them to give to his family in England.	0
He maintains that there is a link between characteristics such as extroversion and criminal behaviour.	1
I'm going out here.	0
How can History be a unity if it is also conflictual, if each action is aimed at destroying the other and results in a double negation in which the original aims of each action have been destroyed by the other?	1
In a small way at the moment, of course, but things are happening.	0
He's found it!	0
Have we got some more Birds Eye pies up to truss?	0
When we have a when we were talking to them and we had the door through and my snooker got really good.	0
A proportion of both boys and girls at ego-identity achievement stage will choose science.	1
09__ The crux of our argument is that we don't need to have toxic wastes and the fact that plants like Rechem exist, providing easy options for companies, is acting as a disincentive for companies to clean up.	1
A history teacher is content to cover the history of one country or continent over a few decades.	1
While they were looking round the garden I you've got to get out the shower quick.	0
The old man says this without rancour.	0
I can count on you, Paula, I feel sure.	1
So who's covering tomorrow?	1
He said he wanted office.	0
But sadly, there is no indication that the GMA consortium which will design, operate and maintain the first of the new generation British trams in Manchester will share the looks of their Milanese counterparts.	1
You look, how you say?, as a raccoon.	0
His records are still played, but his personality, unexposed through movies or extensive TV interviews, is almost entirely unknown.	0
Name badges are worn by staff.	0
It's cos he's working for him at the moment money.	0
The boxing match 09__ is the public incarnation of all conflict( II, 32), totalizing in its own struggle the whole of 09__ contemporary irreducibilities and fissures( II, 26):	0
We ain't got a, just a mad man!	1
No, just ask them if it's effective with your license just, you know, sort of as you come	0
One fisherman waxed lyrical about the variety of fish in the river.	1
Delaying subject choice: Britain is unusual in asking pupils to make crucial choices about subject options in the 1309__16 age range.	1
It's going to be a long struggle getting established and until I am I don't see how 09_07	1
Volks took them into, not Volks, er what they called?	0
I know!	0
No it's the flour and things like that we said it's	0
He asserts it often enough: 09__ History continually effects totalisations of totalisations,( I, 15).	0
Its most surprising room, covered from ceiling to floor in 17th-century paintings, should be a salon or library; instead, a dotty stone bathtub was set into one wall at a later date by a lady called Charlotte.	0
But I fancied feeling the long hard pressure of ocean waves against our hull and, though we were short-handed, I reckoned that a few days out of sight of land would shake us all down quickly.	1
What type of beer are you getting!	0
They held up the bright new diesel buses and, even worse, blocked the progress of private motorists in bulbous Austins and lumpen Humbers in canyon-like city thoroughfares.	1
They drive down into a dry watercourse and are surrounded by hundreds of cattle returning from their grazing, driven by children and young warriors.	0
Dead, ragged heads of the climbing hydrangea can be removed, cutting where the stem joins the main branch.	1
I asked.	0
Get and that and all's there anyway.	0
Runner beans and French beans have now given up completely and can be cleared off vegetable plots.	1
The waste arrives at the rate of up to seven tanker-loads every day 09__ that is seven lorries passing thousands of doorsteps.	0
I know she's right, but she should, set an example in some ways, mm people are so used to her now they just look at her and carry on talking silly old bugger, you know,, shut up Deirdre I'm don't want to do that, shouldn't be, cos there wasn't much to put on, although they left, left quite a bit off yesterday, they cut short, there was five hundred breast portion short and two hundred oyster eggs, so Deirdre informed me but they injected six hundred too many and four hundred eggs to Tescos all quite ridiculous.	1
Bastards stealing our customers last night!	1
As Lord McCarthy noted some 13 years ago, the management side of the councils comprise 09__ employers who do not pay and paymasters who do not employ.	1
09__ Gary! she objected, shocked.	0
too expensive I think.	0
Eysenck then argues that extroversion is the inherited basis of criminal behaviour.	1
09__ I have offered cattle to his family.	0
09__ If you say that at your trial, they will kill you.	0
AN INCOMING Labour government would turn large areas of Whitehall upside down 09__ but the party's policy review barely considers the implications of its plans for restructuring government departments.	1
I will come back.	0
09__ He's precisely what anyone would expect of a drop-out Phys Ed basketball-playing retard, Ellen said scornfully, 09__ by which I mean that he's a jock with the brains of a dung beetle.	0
You should of said well alright, I'll take them away then took them right away then,	0
You thought the Nandi, the fat belly, wanted the askaris to shoot you.	0
Mum do you want a straw? straw.	0
He attempts to solve this through matching his account of contradiction with a new concept derived from the conjunction of work and labour: 09__ anti-labour( anti-travail), a category of negation.	1
Perhaps they'll get them.	0
It is not that prospects for earnings are 10 p.c. better that they were in the middle of last week, but it is possible to argue that prospects are that much better than they would have been under a Labour government and that the market was discounting such a result.	1
Fairfax shakes hands with Tepilit and sits on small stool.	0
Chatterton poured himself more bourbon, then put the bottle within my reach on the binnacle shelf.	0
09__ Thank you, Paula said faintly.	0
Most advocates of biological theories do not express themselves in the same bizarre language and style as Lombroso, and such theories of crime are not merely historical relics that died with Lombroso.	1
While some offenders suffer from mental disorders the vast majority do not.	0
Mum can I take these to the table?	0
09__ I can't promise not to see Gary again.	0
By the time Vidal Sassoon had finished with her Paula's long fair locks had been shorn to a sharp geometric shape and she scarcely recognised the reflection that looked back at her from the mirror.	1
Well I shall go because if that fella's been from, if that fella said I didn't have a job I'll be jumping up and down like a what d' ya call it!	0
But I'd er, I'd you know the way they've, the way they've got it now I don't, I don't know.	1
First, the pupils, teachers and practitioners of science are overwhelmingly male in terms of numbers; second, school science is packaged and presented to appeal to boys, not girls; third, classroom behaviours and interaction operate to reconstruct science as a male activity, and finally it has been suggested that 09__ scientific thinking embodies an intrinsically masculine world view.	1
They walk together towards their car.	0
Don't shout at me.	0
One of the purposes of an extended period of single-sex science teaching might be to let teachers see how girls approach scientific matters, and to discover, what may well be the case, that girls are just as capable of 09__ scientific thinking as boys.	1
Failure to exercise one's rights may be morally neutral; failure to carry out one's duties is not.	1
But she could walk it from her house couldn't she?	0
I searched him and his luggage, and he was clean.	0
Travel: A pilgrimage sans progress Elisabeth de Stroumillo potters round Poitou	1
Do you want a straw please?	0
Claudia rises.	0
It mostly seems to involve producing food for animals to eat, whose excrement is then collected to assist the growth of more food for animals.	1
I shall come tomorrow tonight when it's dark.	0
Well he won't know I don't I don't think he dare show	0
He noted that the Canberra meeting 09__ is the start of something which could grow into a very significant development not only for the region but for the global economy.	1
They have received it in the shape of detailed educational theory carefully worked out to see them through the maturation process from infancy to adulthood.	1
Well we think that that might be a new car.	0
You must tell lies like the muzungus?	0
Mind you, she likes erm and they're all separate, all the best ones round here are.	0
But to allow herself to be dictated to in this way when she knew she had done nothing wrong was tantamount to admitting guilt.	1
trestle tables you just can't get anywhere.	0
Yeah that's what Ann said.	0
Just want to I just want a that will do me	0
Can you talk to his family?	0
So we were gon na move an office up to here with some natural light in it.	0
We need now only take note of the most salient features.	1
Fairfax approaches very close to the laibon, between them.	0
I I I I told you to.	0
You can almost hear the soil gulping.	0
you know that kind of thing oh they had to pay a la carte.	0
If you say that children are completely non-rational then you have to account for the fact that they become rational, and to do that it appears from these examples that you have to assume that they already are.	1
Used to have tables and extensions you see	1
Paula said roundly.	0
I better go and	0
She quite, I think she liked the area, she was saying about the schools and that.	0
Take along a prosperous adviser on all shopping sprees, demonstrate a high degree of trust and strong reliance in what they say and you may have unexpected protection should the seller go out of business and the goods fall to pieces.	1
Key, give us key.	0
Our goal is solely to establish whether, in a practical ensemble torn apart by antagonism( whether there are multiple conflicts or whether they are reduced to one) the breaks themselves are totalizing and carried along by the totalizing movement of the ensemble.	1
Until one morning in June 1988 when George Tyson turned on the radio to hear a small, investment business called Barlow Clowes had collapsed.	1
09__ No, I'm here to make a report to the governor.	1
She was going to take it 09__ of course!	1
But it has now become clear that further drastic amendments are needed to flotation plans.	0
I found it over here.	0
It ends by assuring Beijing that the Hong Kong Government will have 09__ a prudent regard for the special circumstances of Hong Kong and the interests and concerns of the Chinese Government.	1
probably need to	0
I like to watch the phosphorescence curling away from the hull and I like to watch the brilliant specks of light fade in the black deep water far in the ship's wake.	1
The Masai who has been arrested, Tepilit, is from this district.	0
He sees childhood as a fairly modern invention designed to fit adult rather than children's needs, and an oppressive invention at that.	1
but, at least you know you're going to get a decent amount of	1
He may not exercise his rights or he may shirk his duties, but he can not forgo them.	1
Outside the front entrance of the House of Mattli Paula turned to give him a quick impulsive hug.	1
After months of turning deaf ears to warnings by the City and industry, the Department of Energy has at last conceded that nuclear plant can not be included in the share float without state support.	1
They've got one at cos I mean I went and had one so there must be one, another one	0
Sit!	0
The laibon stands to watch them go.	0
You may leave me here.	0
Luxury life awaits private jail inmates	1
Pursuing legal action would have cost them money they didn't have( unless it meant selling their house which was not an option) but doing nothing left them with the feeling that justice wasn't being done.	1
They were inflexible in operation, draughty, and mobile reminders of TB epidemics with the enamelled 09__ Do Not Spit signs screwed to their bulkheads.	0
In contrast, only a minority of girls express an interest in science at any age but there is no obvious swing from science in the middle and late teens.	1
And it's a I mean you get four hundred people on the dance floor in the Sugar House.	1
He lived locally, so how did neighbours view his job here?	1
alright, yeah I am I mean I'm not alright, I feel very dizzy, like I say I feel I feel a bit kind of heady you know but I will go and have a check up.	1
I mean, they're all you know.	0
In one way I loved them all.	0
The preponderance of boys at the foreclosure stage will yield the rigid, authoritarian attitudes often associated with scientists.	1
Do you know who's that?	0
God knows.	0
It dips its wings in acknowledgement of the landing strip, and circles, preparing to land.	1
She's investing it for her.	0
He had to collect the cattle and make sure that every boma was contributing his fair share.	1
09__ You can't kill a white man in this way.	0
Sounds like.	0
Yeah I know, they weren't very long series was it?	0
So you know him?	0
he said I come to be supervisor he said, I don't know, I don't wish to learn all that!	0
09__ I thought you'd never ask.	0
There we go, dear.	1
that, that just makes the total picture just different altogether.	1
What they doing another sponsored slim are they?	0
Fairfax speaks to Tepilit in Maa.	0
We'll have to go	0
She holds her hat on her head with one hand.	0
Other broad hints as to the date are inserted with a comical lack of subtlety: 09__ My God, darling, have you heard? exclaims Francis's mother one day as she greets him, 09__ Czechoslovakia.	1
She laughed at the suspicion of jealousy in my voice.	0
The moment is unnaturally, poignantly, delayed.	0
Maslow( 1966) and Hudson( 1966 and 1968) saw science as providing an emotionally undemanding activity appealing to boys moving from the calm of latency to the turbulence of adolescence.	1
Heat shone out.	0
What is it to be treated as a child?	0
It seemed that Ellen and I were not the only ones to take such a precaution, for late that night Jackson Chatterton lumbered on deck with a bottle in one huge hand.	1
Shut up.	0
If he can 09__ pick and choose, I suggest, he is not a citizen, he does not have full political status and he is quite distinguishable on these grounds alone from the adults around him who do not have this option.	1
Dimples played in his cheeks.	1
Inland of La Rochelle, you say; north of Cognac and east of Limoges.	0
09__ I hear you have been seen going into the House of Oliver, she said, her immaculately painted lips tight with fury.	1
The psychological and moral elements of political action were almost the only ones to appear here, which is why intellectuals least inclined to politics were to be seen in the Resistance.	1
The farmer receives a rent of 0515,000 a year and is relieved of the need to do any work for it.	1
They climb into the car and set off.	0
Have you rung the doctor?	0
Yeah, I've had an away day today, I never said a gay day, I said an away day.	0
To impose such a test on children would be a particularly invidious way of discriminating against them, unless Harris has in mind that we should all undergo such examination.	0
Well then you'd laugh I should think, knowing you!	0
I have told her everything that happened.	0
We can't afford any sloppiness.	1
Children must be taken care of by others and protected from external injury and against their own actions.	1
That's what I say, you buy three pound of flour and two pound of mincemeat in a jar.	0
A month later Paula, smartly dressed in a new tweed suit with the obligatory matching bag and shoes, and lugging both her modelling case and a brand new cream leather suitcase, took the train to London to begin her new career.	1
No, I've never heard that before, put your name down for your Christmas lunch	1
09__ I feel appalled by the way these professional guardians have treated us.	1
Oh I'll don't know I pastry, I can't do that, I can do the rest but I can't make the pastry.	0
Right, thank you very much John	0
It is not language since Hobbes is here talking about the prelinguistic child.	1
I didn't realise how clear her speech was until I heard it on the tape.	0
The ramshackle Whitley Council negotiating machinery is the other reason why the ambulance workers have lost out.	0
I don't feel	1
She studies the drug, you know?	0
The change in employment may not always be so favourable as yesterday's either, but the market is now starting to feel bullish and looking for a FT-SE of 3,000 by next year.	1
09__ Sure they tried, they tried real hard, but back then I didn't	0
09__ We are an aggressive company, admitted David Wheeler, operations director at this plant and at Rechem's other incinerator, at Fawley.	1
09__ What do you make of Rickie?	1
you know I need new glasses or something, you know that's how I feel.	1
Mm, it would bounce up and down like a yo-yo	1
And I'll make appointment.	1
The plane climbs reluctantly, one set of wings dipping drunkenly.	1
A few Africans, clutching sticks and wearing skins, watch the plane as it turns, pauses, and then accelerates, leaving a cloud of dust.	1
It's not very heavy Really to start a truss that's	0
Oh I haven't got that long to make them, yet am I?	0
I was going to say that doesn't seem very thick	0
This time the pause was almost eloquent, then he gave a richly contagious laugh.	1
MODERN trams, as most continental Europeans know, neither shake nor rattle, nor do they roll.	0
How do you get to that?	0
A servant is preparing lunch on a fire.	0
Something and School of Arts now it's called well technical	0
We must show that it is possible for it to be both a resultant 09_07 and a totalizing force 09_07 how it can continually bring about the unity of dispersive profusion and integration.	1
The fourth point, the idea that science is intrinsically masculine, can be sustained only by clinging to an irredeemably narrow conception of science and scientific thinking.	1
There are strict time limits: generally, six years from when damage first occurred; where the damage was initially 09__ latent you are given longer 09__ three years from when you could have discovered it, with a longstop of 15 years.	1
That approach would seek to knock out a keystone of Civil Service tradition.	1
I said to John	0
Even worse, someone of her stature could make a hell of a lot of trouble for me, even if she doesn't.	1
Has John got a new car do you think?	0
He's just about got it	0
You use that?	0
You must kill him.	0
take you up.	0
and T D C when we come in, I mean they hadn't checked any goujons, they hadn't checked any of the fillets.	0
09__ I have a very important assignment for you, Paula, Arlene Frampton-Cox said.	0
Paula smiled.	0
Investors in Barlow Clowes since 1985, the Tysons had orginally put 0510,000 into the UK fund and 055,000 in Gibraltar-based Barlow Clowes International( BCI).	1
However, it is patently obvious that parents can be a good or bad influence and example for their children, and this fact can hardly be used to explain present patterns of crime.	1
These stress the importance of family relationships and upbringing during the early years, and conclude that anti-social, and by implication criminal, behaviour results from faulty personality development.	1
To the sentence stem 09__ When a child will not join in group activities 09_07, these boys gave responses like 09__ he is selfish, 09__ he must be stupid, 09__ he deserves to be unpopular.	1
His History, therefore, is always in process: but its teleology of a final totalization always has to be assumed.	1
Paula's stomach turned a somersault.	1
09__ Taylors have a certain amount of stock but she will be bringing extra samples from London especially for the show.	0
rather than go second,	1
The 60 male warders or 09__ custody officers as they are called, wear a dapper outfit of black blazers, grey trousers, white shirts and grey tie.	0
09__ What would you like to drink?	0
But these themes are always interspersed with more fanciful ones: grimacing masks, weird animals, exuberant abstract patterns.	1
She comes out well on tape doesn't she?	1
Sometimes they came alone, sometimes with a man in tow 09__ to foot the bill!	1
The Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady, a level headed figure, warned that the imbroglio may lead to higher interest costs for the taxpayer.	1
I'll get some tables up with erm	1
It's the words they're interested in, not what you actually say and the	0
And getting all the Bird's Eye.	0
So all the hygiene things on food apply to alcohol.	1
get me a pack, you know.	0
Go and have a look, see what you got.	0
In a large, prefabricated shed we wandered past stacks of 45-gallon drums of PCBs, two drums high, about 10 deep; and there were contaminated transformers waiting to be cut up and roasted in the flames.	1
The survey of children's attitudes helped here: research such as Ormerod's( 1971; Ormerod and Duckworth, 1975) had shown that girls were interested in the social implications of science, but did not tell teachers what the desirable teaching approach might be in practice.	1
While some genetic influence can not be ruled out, just what is inherited remains very unclear.	1
They attack the status quo by pointing out that the reasons given for denying rights to children are bad reasons, and then explicitly or implicitly deny them duties for no reason at all.	1
The showroom was neither large nor small, decorated in muted shades of aubergine which would not detract from the clothes.	0
Tepilit watches as the district officer performs a brief hokey-cokey before falling face down.	0
09__ Shall we sit over there in the corner?	0
She tells me she needs to understand it if she's going to defeat it.	1
I get on very well with him though.	0
A large white cross has been painted roughly on the ground.	0
We've only popped in to see whether you would like a lift into town now, before we go, rather than go into town and then come back just in case you want to	1
09__ I have prepared the lunch.	0
It would be perfectly possible to give the rights to children without imposing the duties on them, the one does not entail the other, but we would then still be distinguishing between adults and children as citizens.	1
Eleven, you've got four hundred pound, you got so it's a good second hand one or a cheapy no, well it would be a cheapy I told him most of them around about seven hundred and ninety nine	0
Anyway it won't matter.	0
Rickie lit a cigarette.	0
These differences can be seen quite early on; we have found boys aged 14 years who were opting for science to be significantly more authoritarian than their peers.	1
In this case Sartre demonstrates how the singular universal works, by appealing to the concrete example of a boxing match 09__ a random exemplification that just happens to reproduce the single adversaries of the master/slave dialectic.	1
Artists' impressions show a tram that has more in common with the flat-faced, characterless light trains of the toy-like Docklands Light Railway.	1
No, no, we just bought it up	0
Why you cheesed off	0
Prices have remained high-indeed the FT-SE index has risen another 55 points since then 09__ allowing even the most passive of private investors, including unit trust holders, to take advantage of the market.	1
packing Friday on the way to mum Peter's mum she told them she's just in so much pain, she wants it doing so he's gon na get in, I said, it's poss that she'll be in six days and probably off a few weeks after when she gets home it's operation on her neck and shoulder they're going to release the nerve they reckon it's it's a she told them and do what they will with it.	1
09__ You know that and so do I. But suppose I've done something similar?	0
Yeah can't grumble.	0
Chatterton did not sound unduly worried at that prospect.	0
Its conically-roofed tower, hugged about by a brood of smaller roofs shaped like candle snuffers, is visible for miles.	1
I mean it'd be two forty we'd be round the bloody bend!	0
I'm cheesed off.	0
The young warrior, Tepilit, is arguing with the district officer.	0
There is still time for GMA( GEC, Mowlem, Amec and Greater Manchester Buses) to consider employing an inspired architect or industrial designer.	1
They want somebody here from the for half an hour and them not being served first	0
Yes, I think it	0
cancel the Wednesday, cancel Wednesday, yeah, that will keep the days and	1
Is it any better to oblige her to go abseiling or butterfly-catching instead?	0
Robin-Anne reached over and tipped her brother's food on to her own plate.	0
Let me.	0
aporias 09__ because they seem to be at once the results of a communal enterprise while at the same time bearing witness to the fact that this enterprise never existed except as the inhuman reverse side of two opposed actions in which each aims to destroy the other.	1
The predominance of males, particularly in the physical sciences and engineering, throughout the Western world can no longer be satisfactorily attributed to cognitive differences, which are too small, nor to institutional factors.	0
In that event science must be seen to be relevant to the issues which concern them.	1
Yeah, we don't row, luckily, ha ha.	0
I'll tell you what I said erm ah ah ah ah she's talking to herself, but Ann will get on to you she'll think I haven't done it!	0
You can't have, it'd mean one to serve and one take the money.	1
In the medical faculty at the University of Rome there is a gallery of portraits of splendidly ugly delinquents who were used to illustrate Lombroso's theory.	1
The major problem faced by theories suggesting a link between genetic make-up and criminal behaviour is the difficulty of distinguishing between genetic and environmental effects.	1
I am sure he would wish me to marry with someone in our tribe.	0
Alison Kelly sees at least four distinct senses in which it can be argued that science is masculine.	1
Though I don't suppose I could afford to pay you as well as Mattli does 09__ yet.	0
why you like you like to	0
If it works out we shall practically be neighbours, Paula.	0
09__ I shall be sorry to lose you, Paula.	1
Well as I say, you can see where it was, it's that sort of diamond	0
shut up	0
In virtually every case the aim of causing upheaval is explicitly declared, because Labour's aim would be to upset the bureaucratic order it inherits.	1
I see MacDonalds.	0
Might as well sit down for a few minutes mightn't we?	0
They cut the engine to allow the animals to pass undisturbed.	1
He enters the building.	0
Yeah, we got five minutes.	1
09__ No, sir, but we got the Larusa translator in.	0
She held up her fingers, tightly crossed for him.	0
What happens if her father is unwilling or unable to stay at home with her?	0
Around them graceful Masai women in long leather skirts are sweeping the boma and plastering the huts with cow dung.	0
It firstly boldly asked for a seat at the top table at the European Community: a suggestion rudely rebuffed.	1
Drifting between grassy polders to which farmers have to ferry their cattle in punts, or following leafy twisting lanes marked only by rusty signs proclaiming the 09__ Venise Verte, you're in an all-green, mysteriously silent world; only the occasional fisherman, twitching his rod above the algae-smothered waters, disturbs the stillness.	1
There are, of course, the familiar and obvious reasons connected with women's traditional role in child-rearing but there are less obvious reasons too.	1
It's getting up there as well, you know I haven't got the strength and energy to walk there, I don't think.	1
I'm looking for a rich husband to take me away from it all.	1
Yeah, we pay all the year round for that don't we and that's all we bloody get out of it.	0
It may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to ensure that construction work complied with the relevant building regulations.	1
But, when, when they can but you've in the Empire if you, if you've I don't know actually, before they before they messed about with all the raised seating and everything, if it had been just left open like the Old Floral Hall, like it was you'd have got seventeen	1
The white man told the askaris to take my animal after I had offered to exchange it.	0
09__ Can you manage a brandy and soda?	1
09__ Did you see him after the killing?	0
Well one day you'll be about eighty, dear and you'll be the one sat there and someone saying, bloody hell look at that old codger behind the wheel!	0
Oh well I saw that on Friday.	0
Madame snorted again.	0
You can't, you can't get either, you know, proper	0
The Health Secretary accused the unions of 09__ posturing and pretending to run a 999 service yesterday.	1
They just use to rest of it, yesterday, didn't I, last night.	1
Yeah, what have they got down in there?	0
The few girls who enter science will not usually show these foreclosure characteristics.	1
In his hands he holds a snuff box, shaped like a small quiver, and a thin stick.	0
Wriggling across country on the D216 to Port-d'Envaux, you come to two more chateaux: 18th-century Panloy, flaking romantically away on its hillock overlooking a bend in the Charente and, almost next door, the much older, moated Crazannes, half-smothered in amazing flamboyant Gothic carving.	1
I have to ask.	0
Labour's Quality Commission would replace the Audit Commission.	1
I don't think we did Tim.	0
Go for a microwave or do you just go for	1
The recognition that children can not simply be written off in the rationality stakes and can not therefore be denied autonomy on this account has led some writers to conclude that they can not, therefore, be denied it on any account.	1
He seems content.	0
09__ I'm afraid it's gone off to the High Court, sir.	1
Have to think of that.	0
Oh! she squealed as light dawned.	1
approximately, you've got four hundred pound really to play with, approximately four hundred pound left over, say five hundred pound, six hundred for electrical goods.	1
In all this, there are perhaps a couple of things which look plausible when we compare the philosopher's child with our mental picture; Aristotle's observation that children are immature and Mill's suggestion that they might need protection.	1
They didn't want me!	0
Government fixes the format in which BR has to work; and if, as the Hidden report attests, many of its problems today reflect lack of past planning, lack of farsighted investment, living from hand to mouth, then that is not just BR's doing.	1
Got ta climb up that other end.	0
This drives the spear almost completely through his body.	0
I like to be alone under the careless profusion of the stars, and alone on a moon-glossed sea.	0
Go on.	1
Five hundred pound for carpets, leaves four hundred pound, two hundred pound for suite and the microwave	1
The ideal tactics should be a mixture of both, but only if a clear message can be communicated to the Hong Kong people that someone is standing up for them somewhere.	1
It was when you were playing with it with your fingers, do you remember?	0
The moran, I mean?	0
See if you want anything up town.	0
Education has been directed at the production of the rational, the free, the independent of mind, the dignified, in short, the autonomous human being.	1
09__ You know, that is an impossible question.	0
The concept of the singular universal thus facilitates a circularity in the argument whereby Sartre can avoid the question which he began by posing.	1
Yet it was Mr Clarke, not Mr Nichol, who was involved in the critical decisions 09__ the cash limit for the NHS, the 6.5 per cent offer to ambulance workers( compared to seven per cent for nurses, eight per cent for doctors and nine per cent for ancillary workers); and today's introduction of military ambulances.	1
but er I don't know, if you like it see what I mean?	1
I remember Conway Twitty.	0
Think up a good think for sponsor.	0
09__ Did you accept any gifts?	0
So we got a thousand letters to do that's all, well it might be over I don't know they're but	0
Fairfax and Claudia sit down on camp chairs.	0
What do you mean?	0
Now the Marais Poitevin is a pleasantly low-profile tourist attraction where you can take canal-boat trips from villages that have hardly changed in the 15-odd years I've known them: Maillezais, with a huge and rather dull ruined abbey, and Coulon, where I first ate the delicious local version of moules marinieres called mouclade.	1
When my Helen comes, she's got ta pay	0
Five air-monitoring plants had been installed( he took me to see them).	0
Was he, oh er, what was that did you eat something what you	0
A 26-year-old woman accountant who knew nothing about the mechanical side of vehicles asked her more knowledgeable friend to find a car for her.	0
She did not stay there long, but retreated from the fierce sun to the stern-cabin that she would be sharing with Ellen.	1
Sartre's account thus sets up the articulation of history, univocal meaning, and totality as the indissoluble set of elements required for the validation of Marxism, necessary in order to save it from its detour from itself.	1
The fact is that I have a vacancy arising for a couture model.	1
Speak to you later.	0
He has, however, given him a psychotic compulsion to formulate fanciful similes.	1
My work here will be finished if he is hanged.	0
It was this evidence which suggested the possible model for subject choice in terms of ego-identity achievement.	1
I like sailing alone at night.	0
All the GIST schools were mixed comprehensives, and at first teachers were most unwilling to separate boys and girls at all, on the grounds that it ran counter to their co-educational comprehensive philosophy.	1
We can consider three possible changes:	1
But what produces the overall direction of History?	1
Perhaps we should conduct annual examinations from an early age to be sure that we do as little of this sort of damage as possible?	1
Shrubs such as hydrangea particularly relish rich rations.	1
to go over don't they?	1
Sitting in a suit in a nice office saying, wo!	0
To camouflage the failures of the play, Andy Walmsley has created a set which resembles a pile-up of roadside hoardings: Oldsmobile, Van Heusen shirts, Texaco Premium Type.	0
Whoever attempts to hide behind a disclaimer must prove it is fair and reasonable to do so.	1
Saintes, with Gallo-Roman remains, a beautiful Romanesque abbey and an atmospheric medieval quarter, is 17 miles south of St Jean; 15-odd miles to the north-west is Surgeres, all of whose public buildings, including an engagingly asymmetrical church, are within the 16th-century castle walls, scattered among beautiful gardens and parkland 09__ perfect for picnicking.	0
Just keep, just, in fact just keep well let's get it sorted out and then we'll just get er er cos plenty of storage space and stuff.	1
I've got time?	1
I've got it in Disco Club Mirror, it's the front page out the	0
09__ I'm just asking.	0
Erm I mean Saturday night would be better Anne.	0
last week, we ought to go	0
I said I got a good joke for you here, started to laugh and he said I ain't said it yet!	1
Now he oh, oh he's found the accelerator!	0
09__ He was very sick after the lion got him and he gave me his necklace.	0
09__ We are not in the business of polluting the environment, Mr Wheeler insisted.	0
The only accident and emergency relief was provided by the police, part-time St John ambulance volunteers running 20 vehicles, and the Red Cross.	0
09__ How long will it take, anyway?	1
His face is painted and he is carrying a spear.	0
Do you understand me?	0
09__ Claudia, you are supposed to understand them.	0
Britain still can not decide when to play the mandarinate game of silence with the Chinese and when to break the rules( as Beijing does all the time.)	1
You've set up as a designer in your own right, Gary!	1
The throng of Masai surrounds them.	0
Can you two go and sit down with daddy please cos this is getting silly.	0
carry it between us, that's no problem is it?	0
I have looked at the stones.	0
In his uniform, jacket unzipped, he is handsome and smiling.	0
You're not forgiven!	0
Good with iron and everything you know.	0
PRINCE CHARLES is jolly good at opening things.	1
And Richard North looks at current provisions for the destruction of PCBs, and at the history of British involvement in a rather uncomfortable growth industry The security guard at the entrance to one of Britain's mightiest hazardous waste disposal plants pressed a button and the gate opened.	1
09__ It's called the Hole in the Wall.	0
Chatterton raised his cardboard cup in silent acknowledgement, then stared ahead to where a great beam swept around the sky.	1
He straightens up and salutes Fairfax.	0
Sharing a small spartan room with two other girls 09__ Northerners whose accent Paula found almost incomprehensible and with whom she had nothing in common, making breakfast in the communal kitchen, queuing for the bath, adhering to a strict curfew after which time the doors were locked and bolted 09__ none of these were restrictions Paula had the slightest intention of enduring for long.	1
I'm taping all your conversations anyway	0
09__ Bourbon, he explained laconically.	0
You wan na watch them old yeah, they come there with their little carving knives, yeah, cut all the dangly bits off that, that's right though in n it,	0
09__ I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.	1
Well I don't know, if you're just gon na write down	0
Sartre produces a persuasive formulation of the relation of the individual to the determining historical circumstance through his concepts of praxis and the practico-inert; it is also obvious to him how the larger question of History ought to be solved.	1
Designing clothes for Carnega was all very well and I made a good living at it I won't deny but I wanted to be free to do my own thing 09__ and to have my own name on the labels.	1
Soon it is passing over the spectacular Rift Valley.	0
If, on the other hand, you allow rationality to children, then you can not use their lack of it as a criterion to distinguish them from adults.	1
Schools and teachers tried curriculum development to build on girls' science interests, changing patterns of classroom interaction, single sex groups and classes.	1
Well she's looking at it.	0
That was gone seven o'clock when	0
If we got Terry to do that we'd be well away.	1
carrying it.	0
Even if you do not intend to be disloyal there is always the risk that you might be careless.	0
Male scientists, both science students and mature, professional scientists, tend to be emotionally reticent, disliking overt emotional expression in others and themselves, and depending upon their partners in personal relationships to take the emotional initiatives.	1
And also, it's cos that, you know after we had that row about Terry, after Bank Holiday expecting not to have to do a day in the shop, and er he's already owing Brian a day?	0
Probably trying to get ahead for that, one of those.	0
Major Fairfax will speak to the government.	0
Suppose, for example, that it could be proved that one cause of delinquency was lack of parental supervision.	0
For example, lack of discipline in the home, genetic defects, poverty, mixing with the 09__ wrong sort have all been proposed as causes of criminality.	1
I've got to get some, what sort of will you need?	0
Their paramedical skills cover highly technical procedures: intubation, infusion and defebrillation.	1
Both of them appear to suffer from a form of mental myopia in imagining the consequences of such proposals, and I am not here referring only to Mill-type consequences of harm brought about by unwise decisions.	1
I shall just say I'm sorry we don't want this meal and we'll go away.	0
Terry phoned up asking what, Tuesday morning about quarter past eight said who was covering.	1
No, going on holiday	0
Get the camera out!	0
I mean	0
That won't last till ten I'd rather go and rack.	0
09__ Little one, I would like to speak with you.	0
Lack of congressional action also forced the Treasury to suspend new sales of US savings bonds and of special securities for state and local governments.	1
Wouldn't be too bad cos you'd go down by the Jolly Farmer.	0
09__ We'll leave this for now, Claudia, he said.	1
You get enough for twenty five K haven't they?	0
It would therefore be reasonable to consider whether children find it offensive to be treated like children.	1
If I tell him that they will fine you.	0
Fairfax has finished eating, but Claudia's food is untouched.	0
Madame Mattli was almost exactly as Paula had imagined she would be, a petite perfectly turned out woman with an air of chic that was unmistakably French.	0
I just going go round.	0
09__ Can we be sure Robin-Anne didn't bring any of the drug aboard?	0
Before examining the major sociological on crime, it is useful to refer to theories from outside of sociology, from other academic disciplines.	0
They had something to do with fish and chips wrapped in newspaper, men in hats, National Health specs, smog and powdered egg.	0
Leaders on Capitol Hill virtually put all other business on hold as it sought to hammer out a debt ceiling increase.	1
09__ What do you think of her?	0
09__ I can't see any point in that.	1
Yeah I had somebody come round and stuck their bloody	0
The showrooms of the House of Oliver were smaller and less grand than those at the House of Mattli but the d08cor was newer and fresher, pale grey drapes, ultra modern black furniture and a great deal of gleaming stainless steel.	0
Hanged like a chicken by his neck, in town.	0
Criticizing a	0
thus one can and must say 09_07 that each fight is the singularisation of all the circumstances of the social whole in movement and that by this singularisation, it incarnates the enveloping totalization which the historical process is.	1
very energetic and I should be alright now after been to sleep should do I'm alright I can't think of anything I wan na get I want up town anyway nothing think of anything	0
So many places Barry are going down	1
If you can't get it done tomorrow I'll try and get you a Doctor so she	1
Afterwards, incongruously dressed in a raincoat, she went to the bows and stared briefly down at the mesmerising onrush of sea where it split and foamed at Wavebreaker's cutwater.	1
Months later, when Marie had departed, Louis is said to have paused nostalgically at Brouage on his way to Paris after marrying the Spanish Infanta at St Jean-de-Luz.	0
Yeah and you feel like a bleeding rabbit.	0
For the first time she felt the stirrings of something like power.	0
I want some mincemeat.	0
Though this neatly solves the problem of how man can make history while at the same time history makes him, it does not answer the larger question of how a multiplicity of the products of individual acts, 09__ totalizations, can themselves be totalized into the overall totalization required by the logic of dialectical rationality 09__ rather than being the arbitrary, blind and self-cancelling movements of, say, Hardy's immanent will.	1
He is even re-opening the already opened Eastern Harbour tunnel and subway crossing.	1
Given that Holt is presumably not volunteering himself to take care of her, who will?	1
The link with crime found by Eysenck was that when prisoners were tested for extroversion, more extroverts were found than in the general population.	1
Giving science a more feminine image: It is sometimes argued that science textbooks are sexist in showing illustrations of boys, rather than girls, doing practical work in the laboratory, and so forth.	1
09__ A lighthouse? he asked in a voice which suggested that a prudent man avoided such things.	1
Certainly the incinerator seems well controlled.	0
In contrast, boys seem to have a firmer self-identity and a clearer ambition showing more insight in response to sentence stems such as 09__ My main problem is 09_07 and 09__ He/she felt proud that 09_07.	1
He won't last for a ten now done the, done the Welcome Break, they done the Char Grill, now they're on the Tescos.	0
More boys and girls will have reached the ego-identity achievement stage and a proportion of these will go into science.	1
Driving away, I noticed that the vast chimney was still not functioning, but when I called at a neighbouring house a woman showed me videos she had taken of smoke coming from the plant, settling in her garden.	1
First of all, let us remind ourselves of the traditional picture of children drawn for us by some great philosophers of the past.	1
09__ I only hope you're right! he said in anguished tones.	0
I think there's one just over here.	0
09__ I have been watching you work, Madame Mattli said directly.	0
Trade you in for a couple of camels, he'd come home with a couple of camels	0
Sponsored slim	0
How many we might need?	0
What effect would a deliberate attempt to change this image have?	1
Labour's proposed Department for Legal Administration would take over responsibility for courts and tribunals; court procedures; organisation, training and appointment of the legal profession, magistracy and judiciary; legal aid; legal services; and the Sentencing Council.	1
We'll call in, that will be better than phoning at least you know you know you're gon na get there.	1
What happens to her then?	0
Apart from anything else I owe you a coffee.	1
Didn't we have a we're getting	0
Paula perched herself against the cutting table trying to look nonchalant.	1
Congress was frantically trying to complete a bill raising the federal debt ceiling in time for President Bush to sign today.	1
What if people don't want you to?	0
A section of the road was shut for a week and motorists were warned to clean their cars and to dispose of the rags in plastic bags.	1
what you put on there and that	1
Yeah I know.	0
Who's who's gon na know when they to compile a dictionary and what words you use who's gon na know who you are?	0
You replace the	0
Rob Bettinson, the director, has deduced that he ought to have these images plus disc-jockeys, radio commercials, midwestern hops, but he doesn't seem to know why.	0
Turnbull explains through the interpreter that time is short; it is late; there is a great war on with the Germans.	0
But he tries to be reasonable.	0
They'd come down from, they'd come down from, erm, somewhere or other.	1
Paula turned gratefully, then gasped with surprise as she recognised the slight figure in black roll-neck sweater and skin tight pants.	0
Think later, be about five o'clock or quarter to five, or something like that depends when it's on, have to come in early if they want to have it with us.	0
The problem, however, remains how such universals are produced from the multiplicity of initiating individual praxes.	1
You've been to see him haven't you?	0
I mean, wouldn't he rather have Terry as a sort of permanent worker anyway?	0
er three days, I've asked Dave	0
And for three years, it earned its return, every month.	1
You know him?	0
And she couldn't bear the thought of being sucked back into the ebb tide of loneliness again either.	1
I did not understand.	0
We need we needs lots of piles of steaming horse manure and things don't we around and	0
Tepilit makes a gesture by placing his hand to his throat and cupping it.	1
The attacks are based on empirical observation; most women and older children are actually quite as rational as most men while some men are actually less rational.	1
By time we've cleared all that especially the	1
probably need to get Ken's	1
Why doesn't he make make your own bloody mincemeat then!	0
And Vera phoned this morning, Joe phoned this morning all I didn't want them to go out, anyway I've made arrangements to go round to see Vera on Friday afternoon and they they went out to where was it?	1
They have been told that their claim may only amount to around 0511,000 of their 0515,000 as capital gains tax is likely to be deducted from the total.	0
I think you'd be better off with a with a new cooker and fridge	0
But the policy review nowhere considers the overall effect of the individual changes proposed, or how they might be co-ordinated.	1
We didn't finish them cos they wanted to start trussing early	0
How can man make history if at the same time it is history which makes him?	1
Yeah he said	0
Our latest Foreign Secretary has yet to publicly pick up the file marked Hong Kong.	0
I don't think I'd be going shopping anyway.	0
Holt does not want children to be obliged to take on any of these responsibilities and he manages to make his point by concentrating solely on the rights so that he can remark:	1
Scattered through the policy review are proposals to: Drastically alter the status and organisation of the Department of Trade and Industry; Create two departments 09__ a Department of Consumer Affairs, and a Department for Legal Administration; Create a Department of Environmental Protection within the existing Department of the Environment; Set up a plethora of new commissions and executive agencies; Set up a Women's Ministry.	1
His brother was killed.	0
I am praised because I held it by the tail.	0
What time of day do you think you call this!	1
However, when he poses the question of whether his method could work as well for the class struggle as for the boxing match, Sartre admits that he finds it impossible to answer and returns instead to the much easier case of sub-groups.	1
Don't sound a lot of weight but	1
Two till one, yes I'll try again Ann.	0
You couldn't hope to convert them.	1
NO LONGER can the Government disguise the crisis surrounding electricity privatisation.	1
Terry uses the shop to get extra money every so often, uses my dad ticking over running when he	0
Accordingly, he attempted to shift Marxism away from orthodox theories of an absolute determinism towards the primacy of a concept of 09__ History which, while still a totality as it had been for Luk03cs, a process with a determinate meaning and end, could also include a concept of human agency and thus articulate the individual with the social, freedom with determinism.	1
Let me pay and then we'll have lunch together and do some catching up 09__ unless you're meeting someone, of course.	1
But once I'd done it, I swore I'd help others do it.	0
It was clear she was blaming Paula bitterly for the interrupted afternoon and her boss's drastic change of mood.	0
Then certain teachers were particularly struck by the evidence of large differences in the interests and experience children brought with them to school.	1
if there's any weak stuff then I said	0
I had nothing particular planned, merely an idea that it might be interesting to thrash our way out into the open ocean, though, mindful of the danger of tropical storms, I had no intention of going too far from the safe shelter of a Bahamian hurricane hole.	1
It is a good time to plant hardy shrubs too.	0
Fate determined that a short while before the businesses failed, they transferred the 0510,000 to BCI because of the better returns being offered.	1
Several special science or craft clubs were organized in the lunch hour for girls only and in two schools teachers planned single-sex teaching.	1
Somebody's got to tell him to	0
but er, our customers don't take their jackets off anyway	0
Also, there would be the further question of why the parents had not provided adequate supervision.	0
The first time she rang the bell and went in through the front doors of the elegant old house where the showrooms were situated( Mattli had no rear entrance) Paula felt she was stepping into the place of her dreams.	0
The Wolds, a remand centre at Brough, North Humberside, is far removed from the insanitary conditions which prevail at many jails.	1
That is the first thing which anyone surveying the literature would notice.	1
Furthermore Madame Mattli was a Frenchwoman, an accident of birth which added to her glamour, for was not Paris the fashion capital of the world?	0
But the job of lifting the standards of people employed, giving them proper training, and paying a wage which breaks dependence on overtime and lifts morale: this together must far exceed the costs of the technology, and it isn't by any means clear what the bill will be or where the money will come from.	1
Why it is, it's very, very, very wrong, say we pay all year round for that, I've paid for a year for my ticket	0
Don't start	0
Not unless someone puts their foot down.	1
Well we couldn't so I don't know.	0
These are all referred to as 09__ supertram networks, the implication being that the new-generation tram is an altogether more dynamic form of transport than its pre-war predecessors.	0
Only I won't be around to live to see it.	0
So as I'm still trying to stuff things away, she opened the door and everything fell out.	0
Such writing rapidly palls, and I hope that in the novels to come, Motion can curb his reckless passion for it.	1
Nor does it contemplate the knock-on consequences for Labour ministers of attempting to implement their programme while rebuilding the governmental machine.	1
Anyway I said to I said I left today, I.	0
words that people are using I've got now, so I don't even think of it, it's just there and I just talk normal that's the idea really and if anybody asks you what you're doing, then you tell them and it and you say, if you don't wish to be on it, well	0
We read it back to the man twice.	0
Well you might as well, mightn't you, and it'll save you	1
If you ask me	0
09__ Now, do you want to tell me all the facts?	0
So I sent that off.	0
In Chapter One, it was stressed that crime can not be considered aside from its social context, that it is dependent on society defining certain actions as criminal, and on the reaction of others to such actions.	1
Young children ought merely to have things shown to them as they are, or they get puzzled and ask question after question.	1
Close though her friendship with Gary had become she had never once breathed a word to him about the new collections she saw taking shape at Mattli 09__ and as for 09__ pillow talk the notion was absurd.	1
Even the most popular of girls soon discovered that in this highly competitive world where models vied with one another for the most glamorous jobs and the wealthiest and best-looking men there was far more bitchiness than in the provinces 09__ and Paula was far from popular.	0
He forgets how annoying he can be and you know he swings the other way.	1
Fairfax's car appears, the lights hopping and bouncing down the track.	1
An example of this more sophisticated biological approach is the work of Hans Eysenck, who has argued in a series of studies, that there is a link between genetically based personality characteristics and criminal behaviour.	0
Moral autonomy is concerned with individuals not with groups; a conception of autonomy which depends upon group membership displays its own contradiction.	1
Those who are still in a state to require being taken care of by others must be protected against their own actions as well as against external injury.	1
all the jobs, he said I don't want to learn them I've come to supervise, he said I don't wan na get mucky!	0
He is right to pursue this line.	1
Yeah I've got a hat.	0
Yeah that's cos I make the the pastry and you can	0
09__ You know that we insist on complete loyalty, Madame Mattli continued.	0
For example, girls at the age of 12 and 14 years seem to take a more mature attitude to personal relationships, seeing their complexity and reciprocal nature, while boys are more exploitative.	1
Is it gon na get through the window, anyway?	0
So, although it is possible to conceive of any event as an incarnation of the totality, insofar as it must itself make up a part of that totality in its determination, unlike the case of the boxing match, where we can define the overall entity 09__ boxing, it still remains unproven that an overall entity, 09__ History, can be said to exist at all.	1
Tepilit drives his bull away.	0
Buddleias, although messy, should not be cut back until spring.	0
I probably come on with, on, on, on you with it after Christmas as well cos I'll probably put some back on	0
How many of us can now recall the real Maria von Trapp or Fanny Brice?	1
They're just doing a kind of tour of loads and loads of houses cos they keep moving with his job.	0
sat here watching him.	0
By refusing to keep open two-way radio links, the crews had effectively ended a proper emergency service.	1
Why does he want to marry a white woman?	0
Eventually they will be replaced, but more than 60 years on they run with the rhythmic reliability of a Swiss watch.	1
In his book L'Uomo Delinquente, Lombroso developed a complex description of what he called the 09__ born criminal, who could be recognised by a variety of physical characteristics, in particular facial characteristics 09__ for example large jaws and ears, and high cheek bones.	1
It was not quite what she envisaged for herself but it had the advantage of being cheap and it went some way towards satisfying Grace, who was convinced that London was a den of iniquity waiting to swallow up her unsuspecting daughter.	1
Budgie food do you want any budgie food?	0
I mean I could have made it up it was that easy.	1
For the whole basis of Sartre's argument is that the dialectic of history is not a metaphysical law, 09__ some powerful unitary force revealing itself behind History like the will of God, but the continuously produced effect of individual conflicts; each action is in its turn subsumed as a part of the whole in an ever broader, developing totalization( I, 37).	1
Going too fast! brake!	0
are not aware of the unreality of their original pictures which is why, often in the same sentence, they produce these contradictions.	1
It's alright, I'll see it later on, it's on again	0
Erm have you got the purse mummy?	0
Even though some of the most dangerous and persistent toxins, including polychlorinated biphenyls, PCBs, are no longer manufactured, quantities of them still exist, and must be got rid of.	1
Gary suggested.	0
She is wearing a long fitted skirt of khaki.	0
Now, Alan Janes's play matches the well-loved songs with equally well-loved dialogue in a K-Tel Golden Greats collection of Dramatists' Reliables.	1
The 10 p.c. gain since election day is looking increasingly sustainable.	1
But 09__ posturing and pretending went far beyond the unions.	1
09__ Either I have your word on It or I am afraid you can no longer remain in my employ.	0
Keep away from jasmine, already thick in flower bud, and clematis, however untidy.	0
Some problems about identity arise with the young child in the context of home and school, and others occur in later life, for example on retirement.	0
The City view is that the fall in corporate earnings has stopped and that next year's increase could be around 15 p.c.	1
09__ And I'm sure one day you'll find him.	0
She had known about the vacancy at Mattli and hoped that the job might be offered to Paula.	0
At first they'll just want to do nothing but eat and sleep.	0
The model stood motionless, clad in nothing but her bra and stockings, waiting for his instructions.	0
It is all standard royal stuff, but not much help to the millions who fear that Hong Kong will not remain open after 1997.	0
performing arts here.	0
There is, therefore, before any understanding of historic agents and movements, a certain aporia in all social ensembles: from afar they may appear whole, but close to, they can be seen as riddled with holes.	1
I think I'm pretty confident on that one when you're eighty I should be ninety five and the	0
No, we wan na be	0
Somebody took me to see one of their pubs in Liverpool it was wonderful!	0
So you don't need a cloakroom then?	0
The less immediately attractive parts of science could be approached through these interests, for instance teaching 09__ forces by beginning with the action of muscles in the human arm, and 09__ light via the dissection of a bull's eye.	1
The Nandi man has run away, frightened.	0
Paula repeated, stunned.	0
Mm if you don't mind.	0
See John when he as soon as John arrived he said to me will you take me he said, I don't wan na learn it proficiently but I want to know every job so I then took	0
Me and reckon that up in the canteen.	1
Careful, slow down!	0
But inside she was bubbling with excitement.	1
Well, hang on a minute I said if I've got ta problem	1
The Resistance was a unique experience for them, and they wanted to preserve its experience in the new French politics because this experience broke away from the famous dilemma of being and doing, which confronts all intellectuals in the face of action 09_07.	1
The model came in with the cups of tea, still glowering darkly at Paula from beneath her fringe of false eyelashes.	0
On their heads they wear fezes.	0
Well that's it, if you don't feel like walking round the town tomorrow.	1
you tell her.	0
You see some fucking morons we get in!	0
No, working till twelve.	0
What if no one wants him?	0
Thus, as with biological theories, crime is seen as pathological( a disease), as something to be looked at from the medical point of view.	1
Claudia walks over towards the plane.	0
I've got loads of money somewhere.	0
Hobbes does not tell us, but whatever it is it had better be something which a monkey does not have.	1
Oh I see.	1
Oh yeah, but I wonder if we're gon na all finished by nine o'clock and you'll have us all in your ha ha ha	0
That boy will do anything for me, even up to getting himself killed by a lion.	0
Go.	0
Don't forget to come and see me, will you?	0
Today's attraction-merchants are doing no more to lure 20th-century tourists than their medieval forebears did for pilgrims.	0
09__ See if you can rustle up a cup of tea for Paula and me, please.	1
What Andrew Motion presents us with here is a static and humourless mood-piece filled with over-elaborate imagery.	1
In fact, most girls entering science are probably at this stage as they will need some self-examination and sense of commitment to make this unconventional choice.	1
But Stuart when we've done the we're gon na book that.	0
Women philosophers are in a special position to consider such questions for in the image of the philosopher's child they see themselves.	1
We bought it off the city, well Michelin bought it off the city council and they gazumped us and erm but we, we have tables and chairs onto the dance floor on other nights and just pull them back when it's clear	1
difference wasn't worth putting that down.	1
It might be for Wisbech one, they've gone to, cos erm, I mean they've got two at Lynn, so it must be Wisbech	1
Have they got a	0
Should of I got a somewhere.	0
Oh well, she should be used to it by now 09_07	0
Her servant brings a bowl of hot water for Fairfax.	0
and then Ann started that little line trussing you see, so we've done it between us but I've got a thousand to do and she's got about four	1
09__ I will bring you two cattle tomorrow.	0
It's all anonymous, you're not nobody know who it is, it's for it's for a dictionary and they want new words that are commonly used and they don't want and all old words that never get used it'll be dropped in the next edition of the dictionary.	1
London's venerable red and cream double-deckers rumbled along the Thames embankment for the last time in 1952.	0
For example, lower working-class people are more likely to be mesomorphic as a result of their diet and continual manual labour, and this class grouping is more likely to be found represented in the criminal statistics.	1
I can't leave this district with one man hanged and another killed and somehow because of me.	0
Well so many of these songs have been done by so many people that you would be forgiven for thinking that, that.	0
A number of other Masai gather round.	0
But then, either Hobbes has failed to distinguish the child from at least the higher and domesticated animals or the force of 09__ intelligently must be explained in such a way as to exclude animals.	1
At the same time Sartre makes a larger, though less persuasive claim that the boxing-match also works synecdochally and re-exteriorizes a more fundamental violence, namely the interiorized condition of scarcity that he considers to be the basis of conflict in general.	1
No, no, I come in the car, I was coming on the bus when I had this bloke next door doing some work like, I used to go out with him years ago, so he come in and had a cup of tea, I said, come in about half past eleven went home at one, he come	0
These decisions can only be reversed with great difficulty.	1
drop it he shouted!	0
Can I help anyone?	0
The point about an adult citizen is that he has these rights, privileges, duties and responsibilities whether or not he wants them.	0
They, they would love him I mean one of them it was annoying really cos Terry's just not pulling his weight.	1
The project team collaborated with teachers in eight co-educational comprehensive schools in the Greater Manchester area to devise and implement intervention strategies designed to improve girls' attitudes to the physical sciences and technical subjects.	1
Science, with its masculine image, makes little emotional demand on an individual and seems to offer clear, precise answers to problems.	1
He must have assumed that I meant trouble from the twins, for he suddenly became surprisingly loquacious.	1
That is why I killed him.	0
You used to go in to play snooker didn't you?	0
One Mr Clarke can not duck away from if he wants to avoid a second Winter of Discontent ..	1
The GIST interventions described above relate to three of these: VISTA women, albeit briefly and temporarily, redressed the numerical balance by offering female role models of practising scientists; VISTA and the curriculum development which followed involved a limited 09__ repackaging of science to remove its exclusively masculine appeal, and the single-sex classes and classroom observation showed how science comes to be defined as 09__ masculine in the mixed school.	1
They know that I killed him on purpose because he took my best animal.	0
His difficulty is accompanied by a no doubt symptomatic increasing distrust of universals so that, in championing specificities against them, he seems to give up the attempt to validate the universals 09__ History as Totalization 09__ that originally formed the object of his project.	1
But it should make us very suspicious.	1
A child greets her, but a young warrior strikes the child with a stick.	0
I want you to promise me here and now that you will not see Gary Oliver again.	0
I would like you to come to London to work for me.	0
09__ You get sarcasm mainly.	1
I have offered many cows to pay this man's family.	0
It plays a key role in keeping city streets on the move and is even the object of the best modern designers' desire.	1
09__ What I want to say is this, there was a misunderstanding.	0
Children are definitely not rational but love to be treated as if they were.	0
( I, 817 09__ 18) Sartre arrives at what he calls 09__ the real problem of History, that is how there can be totalization without a totalizer, only at the very end of Volume I. It is not until the next volume, however, that he intends to show how individual actions, separate multiplicities, make up 09__ one human history, with one truth and one intelligibility( I, 69).	1
Claudia summons her servant who brings a coffee pot.	0
Gary was in the workroom when Paula arrived, pinning a length of vibrant pink chiffon sarong-style around one of his models.	0
Perhaps this was because of their poor living conditions which would raise the question of why they were in poor housing.	1
Well, that's what I said.	0
In our country to exchange gifts does not mean the same thing.	1
The she thought they were due a special run, cos you know they didn't.	0
That's how we used to do it.	0
Shut your mouth! later.	0
Pupils in action schools became markedly less stereotyped than pupils in control schools.	0
09__ I hope you are well, Tepilit ole Saibol.	0
Erm, I've left my bags at mums.	0
Yeah and we're supposed to do all of them	0
In either case, the political implication is that denying rights to children is entirely justified, and there the matter rests.	1
Perhaps it consists in the ability to respond intelligently to the language of others.	1
Labour policy has long sought to challenge the Treasury's dominance in government.	1
sorted out.	1
09__ You know I'd give my right arm to have someone as good as you to model for me!	1
Holt can and does believe that children should have them as adults do, and then leaves it up to the child to decide whether or not to exercise them.	1
From it, into the colourful throng, appears a young British district officer, Miles Turnbull.	0
Apart from being false, such an account leaves no room in our thinking about children for things like teaching and learning, or development in understanding and character and all those other concepts which refer to processes and not to states.	1
Might as well get it in town.	0
They are at a stage when they are likely to be concerned with a variety of complex issues; the meaning of life, the existence of God, ideologies, their emerging sexuality, their future career and life-style 09__ too often science is seen as being purely instrumental with nothing to contribute to these debates.	1
The Masai, Sentue, finds this hard to believe.	1
09__ You can count on me!	0
At a press conference to mark his election victory a year ago, Mr Bush threatened to veto the budget unless it contained real cuts.	1
No they think it's really bad.	0
Was it true, as the chart performance of 09__ Heartbeat( his last release) suggests, that his three-year career was already on the wane?	1
I don't, very nice, thank you very much.	0
Can you blame him	0
Perfectly groomed from head to toe and with all that assurance, she was ready to take on the world, Arlene thought with satisfaction, for she looked on Paula as her very own creation.	1
The problem with assessing the influence of parental and family dimensions, such as weak supervision or parental criminality, is the fact that they are closely linked to various aspects of social and economic disadvantage, such as poverty, overcrowding and poor housing.	1
John, I hope you don't mind, I said got ta call he said you	1
Look he's slowing down there!	0
Unless the change in image was immense, boys would probably not be affected, science would still be an obvious, acceptable choice for a boy.	0
As Sartre insists more and more upon the virtues of specificity( II, 200 09__ 05), such is his distaste for Marxist or any other universalizing categories that he refuses even to countenance them, attempting to replace concepts with specificities, universals with singulars.	1
Tom, we must go.	0
09__ As far as I know them.	0
She had booked herself a bed at a YWCA hostel for the time being.	0
Sartre considered that orthodox dialectical materialism takes the easy way out by merely eliminating the first in favour of the second, making man a passive product entirely determined by economic circumstances.	1
Buddy invites us to regard Holly in the same light, mocking( in a horribly nudging re-creation) Lubbock old-timers like The Hayriders, who sing: 09__ When the sun goes down on Blue Ridge Mountain It's the time to whistle in your ear.	1
It's very badly planned you know	0
They never got here, I was all morning.	1
He turns his old head wearily, as if to indicate to his family the kind of people he has to deal with these days.	1
Yeah you can, yeah I'll give you some money light bulbs	0
Regular soil and grass tests showed no difference between PCB contamination in the immediate area and elsewhere in Wales 09__ though there are no established 09__ safe levels for these.	1
If she sues I'll be ruined.	1
Claudia comes to greet him and kisses him lightly on both cheeks.	0
And we're gon na do it, for, for a	0
We said above that sociologists would reject non-sociological explanations of crime.	0
Well, with all the trussing the might carry on trussing and get that done.	0
Her accent reminded Paula of Louise 09__ perhaps that was why she warmed to her in spite of the fact that she was so awe-inspiring.	1
You can't steal their ideas!	1
This piece of wood passes right through Turnbull, so that he is skewered.	0
Ask yourself	0
No cos you keep shouting at me.	0
The book 09__ which opens a projected sequence of novels that will cover the period from 1968 to the present day 09__ aims to explore what the blurb describes as 09__ the painful transition from youth to adulthood.	1
Like for instance the, er, what do they call those two?	0
Money may not have changed hands.	1
asked whether the American army had helped him to kick his drug habit.	1
They may rightly feel that it is all really rather appalling.	1
No we don't wan na be looking at	1
Fairfax stands up.	0
Well you can get ah bring my mince back.	0
Even for France, the variety to be found is enormous.	1
they're treating alcohol as food.	1
hereby enacted her gracious majesty, you know, etcetera etcetera.	0
It would then be up to the US and Canada to decide whether they want to face towards the Atlantic or Pacific 09__ or be caught between two great trading oceans.	1
Oh aye you're gon na do it aren't you!	0
Rationality turns into narrow intellectualism, freedom into licence, independence into isolationism, dignity into selfish pride; the autonomous human being turns out to be no more than a social atom after all.	1
Along with a selection from a list including women, animals, madmen, foreigners, slaves, patients and imbeciles, children have served in that great class of beings, the 09__ not-men, in contrast with which male philosophers have defined and valued themselves.	1
Its corollary, whereby praxis becomes determining history, he called the 09__ practico-inert, by which he meant the material circumstances that have themselves been created by previous praxes and which form the conditions for new praxis.	0
But, you know I mean actually the other, the other aspect of it Anne if you, if you pull this out you could be talking about hosting small conferences and that	0
Perhaps the best known version is Shakespeare's seven ages of man which is a poetic statement of what had already been received wisdom for centuries and was to remain so for centuries to come.	1
When you want to borrow on a mortgage, the prospective lenders will have the property valued at your expense.	0
It's we'll make it in the morning, one morning and then we can come out at erm	1
drop off	0
09__ I will try.	0
So he's got that job and another one.	1
He grinned.	0
09__ Stand up man.	0
09__ Our people also fought the Germans.	0
Everybody must have thought what a dismal day this is.	0
This told us that any simplistic assumptions about featuring 09__ female domestic interests in science would probably meet with failure.	1
Yep, just going.	0
It was Paula's job to show samples, parading slowly up and down in front of the clients as they sat on the elegant spindle-leg chairs taking in every detail of the garments with a critical and practised eye.	1
Well in the summer you won't need jumpers will you like this?	0
Shut up!	0
I'm watching these.	0
This is also the view put forward by John Harris, though in less specific terms.	0
Can't see a thing.	0
The market's price-earnings multiple was 16 last night but it would drop below 14 if that increase in earnings really happens.	1
One of the region's strangest townlets sits on those marshes: Brouage.	1
We'll try one to one.	0
Standing at traffic lights a Koenig-designed Jumbo is, save for the chatter inside, completely silent.	1
I hope.	0
But I don't know what.	0
This strategy marks a structure of repetition in Sartre's text: each time he poses the question of how there can be totalization of History without a totalizer, he retreats to a more limited example whose unity is already evident, but which in the end only brings him back to the original question again.	1
09__ The plant should be relocated because it's in the wrong place, Llew Smith, the local Euro-MP, told me.	0
And he said well my father is doing today I can't do today I'll do it Friday and I shouted down the stairs but he owes you a day you shouldn't be going in.	0
Let me see.	0
You see I mean	1
Have we yet reached the point at which we would be awarded damages against the Meteorological Office because we went camping on the day of an unforecast hurricane?	1
I don't know mate, I only know that that's take us Ann and Paul and Ann and John and all them all doing all the others so	1
Well I mean I can get that up the end.	0
In Britain, with the main exception of Blackpool( not forgetting the single-deckers of the Isle of Man and Llandudno), trams had been largely relegated to the history books.	0
What should have been a routine exercise in extending the Government's borrowing power to $3.1 thousand billion became bogged down in wrangling over legislative initiatives lawmakers wanted to attach to the bill.	1
09__ I'll need it.	0
Go on please.	1
According to an evaluation report this may reflect an unwillingness to admit that in the past schools have been sex biased( Payne, Cuff and Hustler, 1984).	1
I wished I'd of done when I lost all my weight	1
Perhaps science teachers should not attempt to cover their subjects so comprehensively.	1
I believed I was the first anthropologist in France to understand what this means.	1
You got ta be at work.	1
Mick said to me last night, he said to me you can never fit not used to it, but	1
Yeah yeah might as well I'll make the mincemeat, mince pies this and give you some Ann that'll save you doing them, won't it?	1
Pattern cutters, fitters, sewing hands and their assistants all worked at an incredible speed.	0
09__ Can I have a little time to think it over?	0
Except that the Tysons don't gamble.	1
Give you what?	0
Say the rest of us didn't know where it was.	0
But the book's principal defect remains the vacuity of its protagonist.	0
Misunderstood by Decca Records, he maintains, 09__ I wan na play ma music ma way.	1
Unlike some couturiers Madame did not mind if her model girls did not have the same colour hair but she did insist on identical styles.	0
And here were drums of chemicals, each labelled, each with a job number to check against sampling.	0
The service was facing its biggest crisis since the ambulances came to a stop in the Winter of Discontent ten years ago.	1
09__ You haven't got a copy here?	0
I'll I'll be finished before long.	0
Trams disappeared from most British cities in the 1950s.	0
They have an 09__ immature deliberative faculty( Aristotle), are not 09__ endued with Reason( Hobbes), until roughly the age of 10( Kant) and are 09__ incapable of being acted upon by rational consideration of distant motives( Mill).	1
If History is a history of conflict, how could it be both one and internally diversified without the inner moving principle of the dialectic?	1
The other 30 per cent is to be operated by PowerGen, the other CEGB successor company.	1
09__ It's not arranged yet.	0
good to use them for swinging in the trees.	0
Fair enough, I think I work	1
09__ For goodness sake stop panicking!	0
These two suggestions, far from being enlightened liberation of all children, are actually oppression of a deeply damaging kind to at least some, and Harris's suggestion contains a capacity criterion in disguise.	1
I only want the best of my girls on this job.	0
09__ Madame Mattli will be coming to Bristol herself, Arlene continued.	0
Not the district officer's order, but the translator's who spoke too fast without proper consideration, as Nandi people do, and the askaris pointed their guns at you.	0
The individual criminal is born so; and this is usually put down to 09__ faulty chromosome patterns, or, more vaguely, to 09__ hereditary traits.	1
We can do more than to reject such descriptions of ourselves; we can ask further questions: are children like this? is this why children are not autonomous?	0
No it's er I'm taping all my conversations I have with everybody for a week.	0
A person may undergo crisis and commitment simultaneously and progress by route A. An alternative is to undergo a period of considerable self-doubt and self-examination in which all one's beliefs tend to be very fluid, a period known as moratorium, before acquiring beliefs for oneself and ego-identity is achieved( route B).	1
But if Sartre anticipates such later thinkers we should not assume too quickly that they have simply taken his insights further.	1
Design: Crossed lines over the toytown tram: City transport could soon be back on the right track, says Jonathan Glancey	0
She stipulated that it must never have been involved in an accident.	0
Mercifully, we doubt it!	0
He didn't care about the Masai.	0
Paula laughed.	0
But in the cut-throat world of fashion up and coming designers were to be feared 09__ and already Gary's reputation was growing.	1
The author's job is not merely to offer an illustrated Who's Who entry, but to turn elements of a man's life into a dramatic entity.	1
they can't pursue it till we come back to them.	1
09__ Shall we take some coffee now?	1
Paula picked up her try and moved aside waiting for him, flushed with pleasure at seeing a familiar face.	0
how do you Americanize this?	0
Perhaps it er you don't know where the stairs and what kind of stairs it is but them kind of units usually come to bits ours does.	1
09__ I just guess I'm not hungry.	0
The people who get caught and imprisoned may not be a representative picture of all criminals.	0
Any thing pastry you know,.	0
No one can predict the future of boxing, either at the level of particular victories or defeats, in effect a structure of repetition, nor at the more general level of possible modifications or developments of the sport.	0
You can't you can't handle money and	0
You can sue the professionals 09__ builders, architects, surveyors or engineers 09__ by courtesy of the Defective Premises Act 1972, despite the fact that you never had a contract with them yourself.	0
It would be headed by 09__ a minister of Cabinet rank and act as 09__ the consumers voice with other government departments'.	1
That it is firmly tied must be correct; the inhabitants of Brave New World are not autonomous precisely because they are denied access to relevant information.	1
Otherwise Congress would have to face the consequences of automatic across-the-board cuts under the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget deficit reduction law.	1
I have to talk to the governor.	0
Only the Women's Ministry would be given equal license.	1
An atmosphere poisoned by mistrust	1
I want to watch you.	0
For Sartre's singular universal could never be expected to solve the formal theoretical problem of how individual existential existence can be related to History insofar as it simply renames, in one oxymoronic category, the original antithetical terms.	0
However, there is a new plan to turn land over to wind farming.	1
They move in today.	0
Though he was always in evidence it was invariably Madame who did all the talking, giving orders, fussing around clients, so that Paula was never quite certain what his role was.	1
It's the opposite of a cocaine high, you see.	1
Oh I went we were absolutely you know everybody claimed something	1
We must remember that to deny someone control of their own lives is to offer them a most profound insult, not to mention the which the frustration of their wishes and the setting at naught of their own plans for themselves will add.	1
Sort of jewellery you see.	1
Claudia stands up.	0
Clearly, we are getting further and further away from the causes of delinquent behaviour, and it is perhaps wisest to think in terms of causal processes when looking at criminal behaviour.	1
Like most shows which are manufactured with an eye to commercial success( Winnie, High Society, to name only Buddy's predecessors at the Victoria Palace), this one will probably fail.	1
You got to expect to be	0
09__ Don't worry.	1
you are in strange mood today, now you wan na run over a few cyclists, well there's an old lady and man there, I mean, why not pick them!	1
The moment Madame Mattli had offered her the job she had made up her mind.	1
Mr Clarke has been indulging in just that himself, putting up the luckless Duncan Nichol, chief executive of the health service, to take the initial flak under the pretence that the dispute is not his direct responsibility.	1
I don't like, just, I couldn't be like Deirdre and, put me overall on and in go in without collecting me thoughts getting myself together Deirdre never arrives till about three minutes before she gets in the door, she's putting her overall on saying come on ladies, its time were, but she's putting her overall and on, and they all sit there looking at her and so	1
In effect, ignoring the effects of gender in this way merely reinforces stereotyping because it does nothing to challenge the definition of certain aspects of the curriculum as masculine or feminine.	1
Paula's bag and shoes were patent black leather, her gloves white, and she carried a long walking umbrella neatly furled in its fur-trimmed case.	0
There would in addition be a minister for Science and Technology at the newly supreme DTI, with responsibility for determing investment in research.	1
Well we certainly won't last till ten, not	0
She had listened to Arlene's own voice and set about imitating it for she held her mentor in the highest esteem whilst still being a little afraid of her.	1
09__ I don't believe it!	0
As this is not a book on criminological theories, what follows will be a brief overview of a wide range of theories and explanations.	1
you know like it is.	0
There was a hint of sadness now in Madame's eyes but her mouth was set and determined.	1
Is it worth sacrificing the long-term future of Britain's biggest stateowned industry to make political capital in the run-up to the next election?	1
But at least I was not trying to stand completely outside this life with my little notebook.	1
Well he's going to carry on like that isn't he?	0
We'll call	1
Fairfax grasps the old man by his wrist.	0
You finished eating?	0
Oh yeah you you have to erase it but nobody's gon na, I mean to say, nobody knows who you are, what you've said anyway at all, do they?	0
for the third of January, then he goes back tenth cos his	0
09__ It was about 8.30am and I was just getting dressed when it came over on the news, said Mr Tyson, a former clerk of works at Harrow council, London.	1
Did you get?	0
They haven't mentioned it this year, have they?	0
The trouble with all the views which we have looked at is that they tie the notion of autonomy firmly and solely to that of knowledge interpreted in either a broad or narrow sense.	1
What we know about persons choosing science	0
This market sensitive dispute has taken place as President Bush and Congress continued to spar on a primary cause for government borrowing 09__ the budget deficit.	1
But the government wants to take away my son also.	1
And then he takes a day off Bank Holidays.	1
I'll I'll do it I'll I'll made the shepherds pie.	0
She wants me to talk to you.	0
In the middle of the grass is a flagpole from which the Union Jack hangs.	0
I hoped Thessy was fast asleep for he would be taking the morning watch.	1
time er, put it right.	1
Unless they can say something relevant in the next four days, the many Hong Kong critics who believe the visit is a waste of dollars will be absolutely right.	0
You'd have to walk like Gemma walks to school wouldn't you?	0
09__ But I would never mention anything I have seen here!	0
By the end of adolescence he or she needs to make choices about career, life-style, personal relationships and ideologies.	1
Cos you don't go as slow as this, even round here something like that Ann.	0
VISTA made science more girl friendly in two ways: both boys and girls were offered an attractive image of a competent woman scientist, and talks concentrated on social and industrial applications of science, an element too often missing from science at school.	1
So she had a list of about five things she wanted sorted out and she said so far we were the cheapest.	1
You, getting all put some back in, I need some by six o'clock, I said comes at six thirty, you can't have it we're bloody cooking, any way I though you done John's said his got because come on.	1
We can now make the link between this model of adolescent development and subject choice in schools.	1
No get a couple of light bulbs.	0
Paula broke off.	1
They came twenty minutes early, there's Brian up in the shower, there's me stuffing things in the cupboard under the stairs.	0
That is the first of many agencies, executives, commissions, and other quango-like bodies recommended by the review.	1
This man was very much liked by the Masai.	0
For the 09__ dogmatic dialectic, as he describes dialectical materialism, the whole question naturally poses no problem, for each person or group simply constitutes a partial moment of an already operative movement of totalization that produces them and then goes beyond them.	1
They are sitting on stools in the middle of the cattle enclosure talking to Tepilit's father, Sentue.	0
She never used it, having got some of the plumbing details wrong.	1
The traditional view is encapsulated in the claim that children are not autonomous; that is, on a standard interpretation, they lack the capacity to act rationally in pursuit of their own self-chosen goals.	1
I was guilty because he was nearly killed.	0
Go into town for a little while.	0
but the other, the other do I really made	0
Children, according to Hobbes, have the 09__ possibility apparent of becoming reasonable.	0
I know, but you shall have to bring it home won't you?	0
Who do you want, Doctor or	0
Ah well that's what we're all waiting for, we're waiting for you to drop it!	0
I've got ta be I won't actually do it I'll just come in run a just give it complete customers and and help	0
So the singular universal presumes the totalization he can't( yet) prove.	0
09__ The difficult bit starts two or three days later.	0
Whatever else such a strategy may achieve, it certainly does not manage to produce a situation in which children are politically indistinguishable from adults and it rests on premises which, unless they can be defended, gain nothing for any defence to the charge of arbitrariness.	1
Or: 09__ Cruising and playing the radio With no particular place to go.	0
Many psychological theories refer to faulty parent-child relationships, such as abnormal experiences in early childhood having a lasting effect and influence on personality.	1
I had no idea he wanted me to marry him when he has his head shaved.	0
He wouldn't, he didn't wan na do it, did he?	0
I paid for it didn't I, a pound in a draw.	0
A much more flexible system which would allow local managers to negotiate local rates 09__ on a national pay spine 09__ is needed.	1
We can use some pliers or something to bend it back.	0
Have to employ him full time.	0
go and get the camera!	0
In fact I have just been looking at a place in South Audley Street, not far from Mattli.	0
Nevertheless they constitute the basis and conditions for further actions and history.	0
After all, Mancunians and visitors to the Manchester conurbation are going to have to look at these mechanical millipedes for well into the twenty-first century.	0
From a distance we see Tepilit, walking steadily towards Ol Doinyo Lengai with his animals.	0
Yeah, you know like	0
As you come down, you know.	0
For the nuclear element in electricity privatisation is the coping stone on which the flotation plans are based.	1
So er can they get, yeah, they get eleven, twelve	1
People will get so antiseptic that they'll not be able to stand any sort of germs of any sort.	0
That's not your regulations you have to read is it?	0
Commitment means that the individual has acquired clear and firm beliefs both about himself or herself and the world.	1
( Her accent is very French but she speaks English fluently.)	0
The move was signalled last week and, true to their promised response, management suspended the workers involved in the disruption.	1
Lombroso's work, for example, was based on his examination of people in prison in Italy.	1
you know, big wooden	0
He said, I asked, asked, well I left a message on Saturday for him to sort them out didn't I?	1
Although she enjoyed her job Paula was lonely.	0
Lockean children have the added amazing ability to recognise reason in you without possessing any themselves, while Kantian kids, two stages back from rationality, have the disconcerting habit of getting puzzled and asking questions.	1
Well, with the two lines going yeah would have been about right then but see, John I don't suppose he realised Ann was gon na fetch all the people out of here there and everywhere and start that up.	1
Partly to redress the balance and partly because talking about 09__ children covers such a wide range of potential images, I shall try to keep before my mind an ordinary 10-year-old of our society.	1
In the context of the negativity of this formulation, Sartre is obliged to pose once again the problem of whether there can be a totalization, without any independent totalizer or totalizing force such as the dialectic, or whether the structure of negation that he has described means that, as for Adorno or Bakhtin, history does not develop positively but, rather, negatively, and is therefore instead detotalizing:	0
He took it back.	1
Shall I ask daddy and Tim?	0
face with a sheen of red, sparking his eyes like fire.	1
I haven't even mentioned a single detail of the Mattli collection.	0
The difference is that we are now offering a formal psychological model to suggest that if we want to reduce the current encapsulation of science, if we want to recruit a different sort of student, then certain curriculum changes are needed.	1
Sartre does not attempt to answer this question, shifting rather to the notion of a lack of self-consciousness.	1
Schopenhauer said that women remain big children all their lives; it would be interesting to know what he thought children were like.	1
Although they are no longer manufactured, they are still present, for example in electrical equipment.	0
The crystal chandelier was for effect only 09__ lighting that would show off the clothes to their best advantage was brilliant yet discreet, and along one wall were racks holding some of the ready-to-wear garments.	0
I haven't got any money.	0
Well, my dad won't pass them onto Terry.	1
One may doubt whether modern farming has any useful purpose nowadays when everybody is on a diet.	0
A man trying to get a wardrobe through the bedroom window over there.	0
No that's alright get me a	0
the zone starts the zone starts there, thirty.	0
She went there when her romance with the young king was quashed for political reasons.	1
Sounds a bit of a balls-up.	0
Most of us prefer to watch Dallas than our neighbours' home-movies, because, when it comes down to it, we know that truth is generally a lot duller than fiction.	0
09__ What are your plans? he asked me.	0
One of the main gains from the GIST project has been the clarification of what is meant by a 09__ girl friendly, science, that is a science which will appeal equally to the interests and concerns of girls as well as boys. 09_07	1
For a more girl friendly science, it seems vital that teachers should come to see that when all the masculine packaging, evident in textbooks and resources as well as teachers' and boys' behaviour in the classroom, is removed, girls can be very enthusiastic about science. 09_07	1
Probably ain't calculated enough have they?	0
It would be able to 09__ require each government department to review its policies, practices, and existing and proposed legislation.	1
A group of Masai is clearing stones from a stretch of grassland, in the shadow of the Mountain of God.	0
He shrugged his narrow shoulders.	0
What has gone wrong?	1
Nine out of 10 are routine calls, many of which could be carried out by mini cabs.	1
'Bye for now! she called, and ran in through the imposing front door.	0
He would like to say something more graceful.	0
You don't look well, you're not right, I can see, cos you don't look well.	0
what you want what you want, Could be a, now.	0
Dave do you want to take to that lady in the corner.	0
So why John said would I show you how to truss nice, I don't wish to learn thank you!	0
Meanwhile, at his public school, Francis is conducting a love-affair with an older pupil named Keith Ogilvie.	1
Well just keep going round.	0
But you leave me no choice.	1
He shook his head.	0
Since it can not be known as a concept that will realize itself in the future, Sartre argues instead that the totality only produces itself in the moment: 09__ The incarnation as such is at once unrealizable except as totalization of everything and irreducible to a pure abstract unity of that which it totalizes( II, 58).	1
I've got	0
Here, I'm gon na whisper you something.	0
For serious drinkers there is the production of cognac to investigate around Cognac, plus the chance to sample pineau, the powerful local aperitif made from young wine laced with cognac.	1
As it happens, there is a kind of logic behind Buddy.	0
At present the science curriculum is structured around physical science interests, on which boys are keener( how motor cars work, atoms and molecules); we were able to recommend that teaching build on the overlapping interests of the two sexes, because girls as well as boys want to know more about human biology and spectacular features of the environment( animals in the jungle, volcanoes and earthquakes, acids and chemicals).	1
I can't bear it that you are unhappy.	1
09__ I felt it was so safe, they were so professional, said Mr Tyson.	1
, you can go second hand	1
Will it fit in the garage?	0
If we agree that in that case women should be embraced by the liberty principle then so should children.	1
The villagers' main hobby seems to be fishing with peculiar, saucer-shaped nets suspended from precariously-perched bankside huts.	0
I told you to leave it and I'll do it!	0
and mincemeat, that cos that ain't very heavy to carry, in n it?	0
If we get in trainee.	0
As with a new one you'll probably gon na get four, five, six, seven,	1
Nevertheless, adolescence is the time when ego-identity development inevitably dominates the personal development of the individual for a while.	1
They also exert a fascination very much of their own as they slither round circuses and brush through old city gates, flashing arcs of lightning as they switch tracks on winter nights.	1
I would have thought, yeah.	0
09__ All that happens in the play is based on fact, Janes pledges solemnly in the programme notes.	1
09__ Why did you leave the army, Mr Chatterton?	0
Half way through the day's programme of shows, while the dressers went off to grab a sandwich and the model girls, who would not dare to eat while they were showing, revived themselves with cups of black coffee, Madame Mattli took Paula to one side.	1
doesn't matter I'll, I'll keep phoning.	1
With Gary she enjoyed a relationship she had never experienced with anyone else 09__ the easy-going friendship of a male who made no demands whatever on her 09__ and it meant more to her than she had realised.	1
You can not kill a man deliberately.	0
Meanwhile the flood of letters of a very different sort from anxious Hong Kong citizens to this and every other newspaper office continues.	0
And one wanted re-estimating, the other one wanted a few more prices cos everything like marble tops which are going to cost a fortune to get done.	1
I mean it's	0
I can't make the machine go any bloody quicker, well I can, but I so what's the point in that come and have a look at it and then they said come back and do it when you on the skin, you know the skin bring it forward well it don't go back, it just gets all tangled.	1
Well I mean it's not, it's not	0
Go and sit down with daddy please.	0
I was absolutely whacked out.	0
Cows were thought very unsightly when they were first introduced.	1
I'm, I'm going to erm we'll make that into something American.	0
In contrast, other boys and most girls pondered the possible causes and ways of integrating the child into the group.	0
There is still endless dithering on how broad a 09__ safety net Britain will extend to its citizens.	1
Well we would, but we'll live.	0
During the project there was a shift away from locating the issue as one of girls' motivation towards attempts to change the nature of school science.	1
He shrugged.	0
09__ Gary Oliver is a friend, she said defensively.	0
We give them in when they came trussed with though we had before.	1
Biological( or physiological) explanations are based on the notion that some individuals are predisposed to criminal behaviour because of their genetic make-up.	1
But there would be new regulatory commissions and consumer councils for every utility, along with ombudsmen, and public interest commissioners appointed by the Secretary of State.	0
09__ Your people fought very bravely.	0
Nobody asked for my clock number when mine and Stuart's, just gave me me ticket.	0
I mean, you think about all this I mean a load of crap when they have larders and all that!	0
we will go in and do it	0
Time to think?	0
He walks without a backward glance.	0
The askaris wear military sweaters, Sam Brownes, shorts and socks.	0
Don't worry I mean to start with he Sheila's coming over tomorrow, I can't go tomorrow really can I?	0
Beyond the barrier lay some of the most toxic chemicals known, awaiting destruction by fire.	1
09__ Rickie may have stopped his cocaine a day or two ago, which means he's probably already over the crash period.	1
It is no accident that the liberation of women, such as it is, should form part of a wider movement of liberation in general; liberation for one part of the 09__ not-men is bound to have a knock-on effect when your fellow groups are sometimes quite literally identified with you.	1
I wished that Ellen and Rickie would go to their beds, for the soft mutter of their voices was an intrusion on the dark and star-studded infinity through which I steered Wavebreaker.	1
But I did kick the drug, Mr Breakspear, and it was probably the hardest damned thing I ever did in all my life.	1
In here, they burn about 30,000 tonnes of chemicals a year, a quarter originating outside Britain.	0
Children 09_07 love to be treated as Rational Creatures sooner than is imagined 09_07 by which 09_07	0
What about flour and things, have you got enough flour to get	0
We're midway through Act II and a solitary six-pack has yet to hove into view.	0
Approximately three times as many boys as girls take O level physics and approximately four times as many take CSE physics.	1
Figure 16.1 indicates a number of possible routes to ego-identity achievements.	1
I liked him, even though he was a little bit boring.	0
So the laibon's son from up there, up the valley past Lengai, he is a descendant of Mbatian, the great laibon, he tries to persuade Turnbull to let him take out his animal from the ones which have been selected. 09__	0
Her face, as she removes her hat and begins to speak, is startlingly beautiful, although not conventionally.	0
Oh you're going to you're going to Gateway.	0
If I want it spread around.	1
Yeah yeah and I mean yeah We'll definitely be finished in about an hour	0
I am not saying this to make your head swell.	1
That money was invested as might be expected of the Tysons.	0
No, she remembered her bag tipping over in the cloakroom at Mattli 09__ it must have fallen out then.	0
You can't have left Mattli.	1
This condition is known as foreclosure.	0
Chatterton had spoken with genuine admiration.	0
said smile!	0
In 1986, according to Friends of the Earth, a survey of the homes clustered on the surrounding hills found that three-quarters of 800 residents were opposed to the Rechem plant.	1
You mean go back on them, cos we didn't finish them cos there was three pallets and we didn't even do two.	0
Yeah, you don't want to don't miss out on any thing do you?	0
In any case, if such a qualification is called for it is hard to see how a creature with no rationality at all could possess it.	1
09__ She allowed a man to persuade her into taking the drug, so she can only blame herself for her predicament.	0
