I am disposed to be as content as a queen , and you try to stir me up to restlessness !	3
numerous icebergs , some of which are as tall as cathedrals , and occasionally loaded with " no inconsiderable blocks of rock , " would be stranded on the outlying islets ;	3
BOULT The nobleman would have dealt with her like a nobleman , and she sent him away as cold as a snowball ;	3
The understanding is as old as life itself , that when women become part of a close group of men , authenticity drops to near zero .	3
Ahead was a stepped altar which is as large as a cottage and dotted with blue lights .	3
) This aspect is as rare as diamonds .	3
Usually this means the off peak rate is n't quite as good as economy 7 and there is usually a higher standing charge .	3
Recognizing a soulmate can be as sudden as a moment in the sunshine , or a meeting of eyes over a cup of coffee .	3
Intent is as obvious as air to those who breath no need to speak of it or even be too conscious of it : in the realm of nature and the things that are as they are but never to be taken for granted .	3
As long as you can drive away from their shop without toppling over or crashing into something or someone , you 're as free as a bird .	3
The Fraud Triangle Fraud is as common as a virus and can be just as menacing .	3
 And he was as smart as a whip .		3
He left me soothed , yet full of solicitude , breathing a wish , as strong as a prayer , that if I were wrong , Heaven would lead me right .	3
I looked out over the beautiful expanse , bathed in soft yellow moonlight till it was almost as light as day .	3
Many eclipses are jarring , but not this one this one is as sweet as a cupcake with vanilla icing , so it may be that your friend will do something for you that you find touching .	3
And he s gone to bed as pleased as a baby .	3
  We 've been with ClickTime since 2011 and we 're still as pleased as day one .	3
I feel about as guilty as a fish for shitting in the sea .	3
How many of you guys would say no to dating a girl who is as healthy as a cow , always silent ( apart from occassional sexy moos ) , and can make Pamela Anderson feel sorry with her udders ?	3
it is as empty as thet .	3
No , the room was not cold at all , but my heartoh , dismaymy heart was as _ as ice .	3
Irregular Choice is as excited as a child in a sweetie shop to announce our first Irregular Choice Kids collection will be launching this Friday at 12 pm ( UK Time ) Our fans have been asking owner and Designer Dan Sullivan to create a children 's ' collection for years and he has worked hard to make their dreams come true , developing this capsule kid In preparation for us launching our SWAN HEELS at midday tomorrow we are giving lucky fans the chance to WIN their very own Swan Planters filled with Irregular Choice flowers !	3
Irregular Choice is as excited as a child in a sweetie shop to announce our first Irregular Choice Kids collection will be launching this Friday at 12 pm ( UK Time ) Our fans have been asking owner and Designer Dan Sullivan to create a children 's ' collection for years and he has worked hard to make their dreams come true , developing this capsule kid Be carried along on a platform wave into the realm of mythical creatures where you will be mesmerised by our Irregular mermaid .	3
As I got closer to finally see what was in store for me Dan said my eyes were as big as saucers and my jaw dropped .	3
A car can become as hot as an oven very quickly , even when it does n't feel that warm .	3
Oil boilers are just as efficient as gas and in some cases even more so .	3
I am as light as a feather , I am as happy as an angel , I am as merry as a school - boy .	3
Why , she was as fresh as a squirrel ;	3
They seem as ancient as photographs of nineteenth - century Paris .	3
Travel journals were as popular as theatergoing , and stories from the new world abounded .	3
The Right Width Tie width is as periodic as fashion itself .	3
Best of all , Stott 's text is as light as Harlequin 's moves , his eye for humour and the need to clarify details for those unschooled in that period always as deft and sure .	3
car can be as comfortable as home itself : the safety belts , the side protection wings to delicately support the baby ?	3
Olenna matriarch of House Tyrell is as adaptive as a cockroach .	3
The irony of my plastic works is that I take a material that was created to be touched , and I make it as inaccessible as an artwork .	3
Their case turned out to be as solid as smoke .	3
Few things can be as frustrating as a breakdown in that chain of mechanics and electronics .	3
here 's a solution - buy a PC , but wait until later this year when they release Vista which will look as pretty as a Mac , along with all the more functional improvements .	3
It is about as subtle as a jackhammer , although even so the message did n't seem to sink in .	3
The - messengers - oflove - should be as light as thoughts , - traveling - ten times faster than sunbeams , pushing all doubts and fears away , as _ does to threatening shadows .	3
Then your light will shine out from the darkness , and the darkness around you shall be as bright as day .	3
On 21.12 the Progress - M37 was still as fit as a fiddle which could be derived from the strong signals during the pass in the 20th orbit with a TCA at 132432 UTC .	3
The water now was as calm as a sheet of glass and reflected in it was a magnificent magenta sunset - it was a perfect ending .	3
By now , your thornapple must be as red as blood and as fragrant as roses .	3
Director Matt Spicer 's Sundance breakout is a tale as old as time , modeled almost to a T on The Talented Mr. Ripley ( without the murder ) .	3
These are basic ingredients , perhaps " but the truth about them is as diverse as humanity itself .	3
GED Reasoning Through Language Arts : Literary Elements Have you ever been as angry as a bull when you 're trying to study and nothing seems to work ?	3
Gage might look and act like a bronco in his den , hates to go back but set him free in a pen and he will be as calm as a lamb and as sweet as a dove .	3
Great herds of tame cattle grazed the pastures , the water in the streams was as clear as crystal and as fragrant as clover , while the hillsides shone with veins of white , black , and red marble and with deposits of every kind of precious metal .	3
You will be amazed to see your grapes will be as sweet as sugar .	3
He 's as bitter as gall at your desertion and its consequences : do n't expect thanks for this noble devotion .	3
The bulls - eye is near as big as a chipmunk and do n't move .	3
" But despite all the backstage drama , the show still churned out sketches that made us laugh hard and others that were as sweet as grandma 's Christmas fruitcake .	3
Look at me , I 'm as healthy as an ox .	3
Even if you had a Patriot battery deployed on your lawn , you would be as helpless as a kitten with polio .	3
better than a good many , for I am as strong as a lion , and all men a n't ;	3
and , for the space of half a year , the gunpowder lay as harmless as sand , because no fire came near to explode it .	3
One thing stood out after that day of feeding countless rounds through those UZIs - they were as reliable as a brick .	3
" Though your sins be as scarlet they shall be as white as snow .	3
I 've baked it at the stated temperature and for the stated amount of time , but every single loaf is as tough as a football and about as appetizing .	3
As I am as tall as a giraffe , the hump makes longer trips uncomfortable .	3
Woven using 25,000 flexible stainless - steel threads that are three times thinner than a piece of paper , as smooth as silk and the strength that surpasses leather .	3
First , the Redeemer 's saving concern is as wide as humanity .	3
THAT is just as fixed as a rock , firm set in the depths of a restless sea .	3
However , recently black has become as customary as denim , so I wanted to find tomorrow 's black .	3
English is an eccentric language , and its students might even think were all as mad as hatters .	3
They are - about as rare as Emerald , but you will only find those Ores in their specific Biomes : Ruby : Forest like areas and Plains .	3
They 're as common as cornbread .	3
After Yo resolved her conflict with Kim by being as cold as ice dressed up in fire red ( Revlon , are you listening ?	3
The " to grease or not to grease square taper " debate is probably as old as time itself .	3
When the frame is finally finished , it hardens and becomes as strong as steel , provides the comfort of titanium , the stiffness of aluminum and has a fatigue life 100 's of times greater than aluminum alloys .	3
But when Grandma spread out the chicken and sandwiches and cookies and lemonade in the shade of the big tree , they found that they were as hungry as bears .	3
The unit is as heavy as hell and easily weighs almost double the iPad 2 .	3
The ultimate treat for anyone that 's as sweet as chocolate - but this is a treat with a difference .	3
Those are as fixed as fate ;	3
" You are as thin as a lath and as brown as a nut .	3
what will seem as archaic as a thatcher or fletcher does today ?	3
It is as sad as a Fart in the White House .	3
" Her thin calico dress was soaked with the damp in the air , and she was shivering and looked as white as a sheet .	3
She was rather thin , but young , and fresh - complexioned , and her eyes sparkled as bright as diamonds .	3
The boat received major dents and scratches , it seems as the material is as soft as butter .	3
I need not expatiate on the usefulness of that valuable species of cattle , which might have been as cheap as asses before now , if our lawgivers had been as mindful of their duty in the suppression of jockey - ship , as they have been in the suppression of usury .	3
" " He 's still as strong as an ox , " Barbara interjected .	3
That 's as fake as an excuse as they come .	3
That stuff never smells or wrinkles , and is just as soft as cotton .	3
The curtain rose to the usual restless flutter of the audience the last coughs audiences were as predictable as the performers in their reactions and the chorus began their opening song	3
I think so far we ve been as good as gold and can only maybe have offended Scum supporters which can only be good	3
She could feel the moment when he decided to thrust her away from him abruptly stepping back the shock of their coming apart striking as swift as a blow stunning her so that she fell back against the parapet her lips swollen by the passion of his taking a soft anguished breath escaping from between them	3
When our eyes met he went on with his mouth scarcely leaving hers it was as piercing as a sword through a chink in a suit of armour	3
And after being out in the sunshine with the children most of the day she 'd lost her pale city complexion becoming as brown as a berry and looking much younger	3
Yet as she watched him perched as slender as a cat on the prow leaning back out over the waves to balance the little craft his splendid chest scattered with little beads of water Ronni was aware that she did n't really mean it	3
At last she reached a wall waist - high stone - built below which stretched the shore as pale as a seashell in the moonlight	3
Well you are still as slim as a reed coltish I believe your father used to say you still have the same intriguing green eyes and those slanting eyebrows	3
I 'll be as right as rain again soon	3
She pushed back her hair as bright as copper in the sunshine that slanted through the big bay window	3
With a brief mocking smile he turned away and hurried up the steps to the hotel lobby his back was as hostile as a roll of barbed wire	3
The rush - hour traffic in the city centre had been as thick as a plate of home - made porridge	3
Atlantic Richfield Co. says that its new petrol is as clean as methanol and that it would be ready to start selling it in California by 1996	3
Remember of course that Labour and the Unions are as thick as thieves so the gr Labour Group just like its parliamentary counterpart is incapable of making a single decision without the Union pulling the strings	3
You 're as white as a sheet he returned implacably	3
Her voice was as steady as a rock and she met his silvery - green eyes without flinching	3
Francesca was as pretty as a picture and apparently glowing with health	3
Her hands had been as steady as a rock until David mentioned Donna 's birth and Juliet 's on the same day and Thorn House	3
One that gradually took the ice from her veins and relaxed her until she felt as close as a bug and ready to purr like a kitten	3
They moved together in a dance as old as time until finally Travis slid between her parted thighs hands going to her hips to hold her tightly against him and feel his desire	3
Ruth was as agile as a dolphin in the water and she was away from him before he had a chance to stop her	3
Did I accuse you of being as hard as nails he teased gently at last as if reading her mind	3
She was as right as rain two days ago Jenny said and she was well all winter	3
John Power is prepared to run through a wall Willie O'Connor is as hard as nails and Liam Simpson takes no prisoners	3
The picturesque village seems as surreal as the series at first sight	3
Baby Bogdan on road to recovery ROMANIAN baby Bogdan Ursu is as bright as a button in Middlesbrough General Hospital after last week 's operation to remove water from his brain	3
Shreeves said Gary could be as bright as a button on Monday but I felt we had to let Graham Taylor know	3
The gulf in class was as wide as the Mersey after the break but the first - half belonged to Sunderland	3
The beast is about as big as a sheep and is described as A freak of nature	3
What larks and japes persuaded this audience to collapse in convulsions is a mystery which is as dark as the Druids ' Runes	3
This work with great and powerful climaxes in first and last movements with a scherzo which is as light as thistledown a truly poetic slow movement and tremendous pageantry in the finale is much more than a series of vignettes of a great city	3
SUSAN Finley had to be as tough as nails to secure a top job aboard a luxury cruise liner	3
I have n't been on the stage for a long time so I 'm bound to be as nervous as a kitten before I go on	3
Even if you 're as good as a master they still wo n't give you the top black	3
I mean now they 're as thick as thieves you know	3
so er cos me heart was in me mouth when they come up for Christmas and that 's the last time they were up I thought me tree 's gon na go over you know I thought if he pulls at me tree or anything but he was he was as good as gold for not he was n't trying to get me ornaments or anything he was er you know just happy to play with his own toys so he was n't naughty	3
But she was as nervous as a kitten because we were we were in a one of these Canadian type er	3
It has often been claimed that English speech is rhythmical and that the rhythm is detectable in the regular occurrence of stressed syllables of course it is not suggested that the timing is as _ as a clock the regularity of occurrence is only relative	3
As soon as I found out I had to retire they were as good as gold and granted me a testimonial straight away	3
I 'd be as happy as a dog with two dicks	3
The Derby defence looked as solid as a tea - bag but Penney fluffed the shot	3
He may be as tough as a dinosaur but he 's as gentle as a lamb	3
Without the pioneering treatment Jonathon would have been as tall as youngsters half his age	3
Oh I see what you mean no I do n't think he 'll come home as bright as a button somehow or other	3
I remember as clear as day standing talking to Penny and I was calling their plumber I 'll always remember that and er I was quite took back and Penny said ooh she 's been very good to me	3
That sat as good as gold till you got to Colin 's did n't he	3
Yeah but when he got down here he was as right as rain was n't he	3
You know she 's as good as gold and all that but I mean	3
Everywhere there is delicious coffee served very strong and black in little cups it is either free or costs about 2p and seems as common as water here	3
George was a quick thinker so always did the introducing and all of the talking but George did not talk about himself he told of how Lennie was as strong as a bull and how he could buck barley all day	3
He felt for the words that should follow the first step that was as hard as a death or more truly as _ as being born again	3
England 's batting in this Test has been as unsafe as the plate of prawns which ruled out captain Graham Gooch	3
Together under Caroline Paterson 's skilled direction the company finds an idiom for a humour which is as sharp as an arrowhead and as hard as flint and a style for an emotion which is shaped from the very suppression and denial of feeling	3
At the moment the number of people suffering from flu in Scotland is nowhere near those levels but one or two football managers may well be feeling as sick as a parrot because they did not think to have their highly - priced investments vaccinated before the winter began	3
You may remember that Samson was a man of enormous strength and then following a liaison with Delila and her cutting off his hair he was reported to have become as weak as a child and yet there was an occasion which led to his death when he brought the whole temple down by pulling the pillars against which he was propped	3
The French monarchy probably benefited little from this horde of officials who lay in the words of a contemporary Englishman which are as thick as the grasshoppers in Egypt	3
You will be as worthless as a piece of dirt on the sole of my shoe	3
Under water their needle - like razor - sharp teeth enable them to take fish as slippery as eels through they are not good enough swimmers to prey regularly on the fast - swimming fish such as salmon or trout	3
Robert Giroux has recalled how in advance of such occasions Eliot was as nervous as a cat but that when he had begun a great calm descended upon him	3
Such solitariness was a condition and not a mood however it lay beneath those moments of inexplicable high spirits when Eliot seemed as Sherek put it as gay as a cricket just as it could be combined with apparent activity and busyness in the world	3
In some parts they are grouped in swarms hundreds strong as thick as herds of grazing antelope	3
Moreover he was chuckling and making humorous observations to Fleury in Hindustani his eyes gleaming as black as anthracite pointing at his neck occasionally and shaking his head as if over an unusually successful jest	3
They had a good supper of eggs and milk and crunchy fresh bread in the kitchen which was as clean as the rest of the house but more cheerful with a big range fire that threw out heat like a furnace	3
Writing of the work of Chardin whose most profoundly moving paintings are revelations of how trivial homely everyday scenes and objects are transformed for us when we see them through the eyes of a great painter Proust says Chardin has taught us that a pear is as living as a woman a kitchen crock as beautiful as an emerald	3
Richard had only been climbing a few months but he was as strong as an ox and had no respect for tradition he did n't know all the horror stories	3
The haul up from there to the top of the highest bank was several hundred feet of deep heather pollen - dusty and honey - scented but as friendly as a hedgehog for a flea	3
To say that human beings from time to time have sexual intercourse and that this is because they have sexual instincts is as circular as the argument about hunger	3
As soon as he is shipped on board of a man - of - war he becomes as insignificant as a midshipman must unavoidably be from his humble situation	3
His tip is ponderously broad half the size of the cue - ball mine is as slender as a sting excellent for spins and miscues	3
Though you may wish to insist it is not true the fact remains that Leos are as stubborn as the stains on a butcher 's tunic	3
The sparr+A123ows alone with their urchin adaptability have found their snow legs and know already that today the street - bottoms are as safe as the air and that they run no danger from dog or bicycle	3
But his daughters on whom he is as dependent as a baby refuse to get up in what they call the middle of the night to enable him to pursue his observations	3
People said that she was as wild as the Moor itself and just as changeable	3
One moment she could be smiling tenderly as she fed the animals, the next filled with anger and as dangerous as a tiger at bay	3
She had been as light as a feather to carry and her small hands were as cold as ice	3
I 'll be as bald as a coot if you go on like that	3
Shiseido has increased the proportion of the moisturising ingredient hyaluronic acid in the Matte Red Lipstick to give a velvety texture and the three - sided Black Variations Shadow Liner is as soft as charcoal so that it can be blended all over the eyelid or gently smudged as a liner	3
The even strength of his fingers and his robust eloquence James Huneker would never have found the Scherzo from the B minor Sonata which is as light as a harebell after this and assurance are often awe - inspiring few young pianists have found a more direct path to musical truth or heeded Jorge Bolet 's adage that speed is so often the enemy of excitement	3
Basically we 're as different as chalk and cheese and we have completely _ life styles for a start I 'm a family man and he 's not	3
And what a despicable set of values rendered all the more offensive by the revelations from Wall Street London Tokyo and Dublin that the mandarins gurus and executors of capitalism are as TRUE as a fox guarding a chicken coop	3
All this may be for the locals but in Cologne you 'll find the welcome extended to visitors is as warm as a schnapps downed in one	3
Even Wordsworth who had never been there took it on himself to describe it as terrific as the lair where the young lions couch then went on to say that if the pensive votary enters Gordale at shadowy eve when the air glimmers with fading light he or she will meet a local deity with oozey hair and mineral crown	3
High lonely hills where the wind and the sound carry and the ground 's as dry as straw in a barn	3
No wonder they 're all as big as hares and smell like princes	3
In the eyes of the faithful these Brabanters with their freebooting and lack of discipline after the end of campaigns were as dangerous as heretics in 1171 Frederick Barbarossa and Louis VII agreed to expel them from their lands	3
I steered clear of Daniel 's murder but he 's as guilty as hell in the other case too	3
The camp was almost as bright as day but beyond to front and rear stretched the clammy darkness of the Moravian moor	3
Come now and let us reason together saith the Lord though your sins be as scarlet they shall be as white as snow though they be red like crimson they shall be as wool	3
The other friend who also decided to become a lawyer was as straight as an arrow in flight and in total contrast was very conventional in his approach to life	3
The thousands of groups and organisations are as diverse as the colours of the rainbow and they have taken this natural phenomenon as the New Age symbol	3
Another rifleman had bartered some of his Red Cross parcel for a loaf of bread The conditions of living and surviving had made us all as cunning as foxes so this rifleman that night slept with it under his neck but someone crept up and cut off both the ends	3
One lot are as good as gold we 'll have them any day but another lot are almost more than we can cope with	3
The pun on Spinoza was too good for Coleridge to resist and the remarkable nose he attributed to Walsh may well have been borrowed from his memories of the innkeeper at the Castle of Comfort on the road from Stowey to Holford his nose which was locally famous was said to be as big as a fist and well warted	3
Although the mind - body effects of essences can be verified by science the spiritual dimension is of course elusive as celestial as the fragrance of a beautiful flower	3
And a bubble blew up under the mud and when the bubble was as big as an elephant it burst and out popped Mrs Dinwiddie	3
She was as white as a ghost and her eyes were shadowed as if she had n't slept properly for weeks	3
Penelope Fitzgerald 's prose is as clear as glass and you realise how much she has n't said only when you stop laughing	3
Those waves are as big as houses she exclaimed nodding to our right	3
I 'm as clean as a whistle they can test me any time anywhere	3
But Thomas Carter was from Philadelphia and his love for Oxford and for England was a pure boyish enthusiasm which is as innocent as a passion for preserved railways or real ale	3
With the upstart Parsons that margin was as wide as a motorway of course but even Thomas Carter Nature 's gentleman could n't help getting it ever so slightly wrong in his case by bending over backwards to minimize his achievements and rubbish his accomplishments in order to spare you the painful comparison with your own lacklustre status	3
Some have hearing which is so acute that they can detect insects as tiny as a midge up to 60 feet away	3
It is as large as a galaxy itself and may be the original material of a potential star system that never really formed says Terzian	3
From the mini weighing as little as an amoeba or only one hundred - millionth of a kilogram kg to the supermassive with a mass one thousand million times that of the Sun they have been invoked to account for a wide range of cosmic phenomena	3
Some regard what they do simply as a form of legitimate adult play while others take it far more seriously and see themselves as going beyond present human limitations journeying into a new galaxy of knowledge in a way which they find at least as exciting as the exploration of deep space	3
An interferometer swung around by the Earth 's rotation will synthesise a dish as large as the separation of the two telescopes	3
Sir John Anderson who had much to do with atomic weapons development said he was as red as the flames of Hell	3
And while they certainly are open to research and development and to further invention the way they evolve is as complex as the evolution of the natural world	3
I was as happy as a pig in shit	3
I was as stiff as a poker and as red - hot with pain	3
It was as good as a caress and Violet could only squirm	3
Bryan Gould is as good as gold and Gerald Kaufman is a happy - go - lucky bachelor who 's still waiting for the right girl to come along	3
His brain becomes as soft as cheese .	3
They 're not quite as strong as an onion but have a nice bite to them .	3
They were rough , I remember , incredibly tough , as strong as a carpenter 's vice .	3
They may start out as small as a grain of salt and grow to be as large as a grapefruit .	3
In the Bible there is be as white as snow " ( Isaiah 1:18 ) .	3
Rats ( at least in the RVN ) are bigger and just as smart as squirrels .	3
At a time when spare tax dollars are as rare as cougars in Ontario , the commissioner is concerned that it 's a sign the government does n't intend to do much on the ground .	3
Her cousin had shrunk into a corner of the settle , as quiet as a mouse , congratulating himself , I dare say , that the correction had alighted on another than him .	3
These can be as enjoyable as dancing , as useful and low impact as bicycling , or as heart - thumping as boxing .	3
It may not be as complete as JonBound , but he promises to get revenge someday ... The next patch is actually a unique one .	3
Moving an appliance as heavy as a fridge , washing machine or tumble dryer on a frequent basis to give them a good vacuum just is n't practical .	3
Historically , colonialism , and now capitalism , have contributed to the demonization and trivialization of these practices as savage , paganistic , hippy dippy and about as useful as a placebo - the way this is presented is like these are novel ideas that were introduced to the world thanks to good ol Edgar .	3
Makes tools that are about as effective as wood .	3
He can sow an idea , which is as powerful as gunshots or close - hand combat , which he s masterful in .	3
The Bucket Hat Functionally , it 's as simple as a hat that you can stash away into your back pocket for rain or shine .	3
They 're not as durable as grass for high - traffic areas .	3
Clayton Speers , 30 , had a 10 - cm buck knife plunged into his neck - out of the blue , as unexpected as rain from a cloudless sky - while he was simply questioning the 48 - year - old Melton about the erratic behaviour that was troubling Sunday shoppers and diners along Bayfield Ave .	3
When the gluttony was done and all the half - eaten food had been cleared away to be given to the poor who gathered below , at the queen 's insistence tall glass flutes were filled with a spiced liqueur from Qarth which is as dark as amber .	3
You have a gorgeous day this month in June 26 , and it is as rare as diamonds if you have a meeting or presentation on this day or take any other chance on hitting it big , you can make it !	3
" 13 Hence , a man knows something ( statement G ) which the computer can not know and the conclusion is that a computer can not be as intelligent as a man , even in principle .	3
Proprietary vendors try to identify customer needs using marketing departments , but there 's little evidence that marketing departments are as effective as customers themselves at identifying customer needs .	3
As soon as I figured out that one of my life goals is to support people and make them feel good , I automatically felt as brave as a lion !	3
" His eyes were as wide as saucers now .	3
The idea of gathering around food is a tradition as old as time , and Ayurveda recognizes that this is not only a physical process , but also an emotional and spiritual one .	3
" And in the age of social media dominance , shares are just as important as clicks .	3
Some people add sour cream and butter to make it as fluffy as a cloud and that 's what it literally tastes like .	3
Motif A motif could be something as simple as a design on a Tee shirt , or it can be a theme in writing or music .	3
The perfect pair of old beaten - up jeans look pretty badass and what 's more , they 're about as comfortable as a pair of sweats .	3
This is you , who have been as slippery as an eel this last month , and as thorny as a briar - rose ?	3
The red men , who are as silent and as muscular as serpents , follow him everywhere and mark his every step .	3
Also , upon word Homolka had moved to an island his comment to a reporter was , " What can we do about it , she is as free as a bird .	3
A simple card or a heartfelt note is as important as a sweater or new pair of socks .	3
' And sliding from the bed before I could hinder her , she crossed the room , walking very uncertainly , threw it back , and bent out , careless of the frosty air that cut about her shoulders as keen as a knife .	3
Some types are as small as a thumb , and yet can flying hundreds of miles over land and sea to migrate each year .	3
Any child would love to swing as free as a bird on this lovely indoor / outdoor swing .	3
" And since for the next four days you 're going to be about as dangerous as a turnip , there 's not much you can do about it , " he tells Swamp Thing .	3
Everybody is aware of the fact that the module Spektr is as dead as a doornail , but the power shortage also paralysed another 2 huge modules , i.e. Kristall and Priroda .	3
They may be as common as URLs in a few years .	3
" as he spoke he smiled , and the lamplight fell on a hardlooking mouth , with very red lips and sharp - looking teeth , which is as white as ivory .	3
It was as large as a sea - gull 's egg .	3
Our darling girl is as sweet as sugar and has a face that you can not resist .	3
" It was as cold as a block of marble .	3
Silphium uses notes of frankincense , myrrh , leather and tobacco to echo silphium , a herb considered as valuable as gold in ancient times .	3
We are portrayed as cold as steel , to a not small degree because the eyes of humans can not see our color and see us only as gray , steel gray .	3
she was not at all shy but she was as sensitive as a flower ;	3
" The goal may be the same for most people who work with a debt consolidation agency , but someone 's financial situation and needs can be as unique as a fingerprint in my opinion .	3
The Struckout jacket does n't restrict movement on the bike and it 's as light as a feather but if the rain was really hammering down it would n't be too long before you were starting to get wet on the inside .	3
They are not as harmful as curses , but are still considered minor dark magic and are therefore not taught at Hogwarts .	3
They were as different as night and day .	3
The formula will be richer than a gel , but not as rich as a cream .	3
Although I said earlier , with Venus in that house of office and work atmosphere , your relationship with co-workers will likely be as smooth as silk , in all the days near February 26 , you do have to be careful about what you say , or how you say it , lest someone overreacts by having a meltdown .	3
By the time I started paddling through Lilypad , the overcast had completely burnt off and the wind had died , leaving the water as smooth as glass .	3
The phenomenal geothermal wonder of those pictures stayed with me , especially a geothermal pool called Bloody Pond Hell , a pool which was as red as blood .	3
They generally are more outgoing and not as shy as balls .	3
" Morrison believes that action is as important as beliefs so he is standing in the upcoming TCDSB trustee by - election in North East Scarborough .	3
Like the song says , Beauty and the Beast is a tale as old as time ' .	3
he opened the gate himself and sauntered slowly up , probably enjoying the lovely afternoon that breathed as soft as summer .	3
This active ingredient means it is just as effective as a pain reliever as some over-the-counter painkillers .	3
I got one response back that a letter from home is just as good as a package .	3
I doubt many of us can say our situation is as dire as a slaves in the first century .	3
The story of King Arthur and his knights is a tale as old as time .	3
Seven tells him that remorse is as unbearable as anger , and he says he knows .	3
All you need is a 10 - minute nap and voila , a slurp of rose wine and I feel as fresh as a daisy ... " What I like in being drunk is the moment when you 're alive and enthusiastic .	3
This may be as simple as writing , " This happens , then this , then that , " on a sheet of paper , or you might want to write some scenes or topics on index cards and fit them in the correct order before you begin .	3
Mold can be just as annoying as bugs , and can be contagious between plants in the same room , and even the same house !	3
The typical life - span of homosexuals suggests that their activities are more destructive than smoking nd as dangerous as drugs .	3
The colour of the water , as seen at some distance , was like that of a river which has flowed through a red clay district , but under the shade of the vessel 's side it was quite as dark as chocolate .	3
Hours , incidentally , are as variable as salary and responsibility : it will be your job to hammer out an arrangement that satisfies your needs .	3
Before the financial crash in 2008 , UK banks were considered to be as stable as a rock .	3
Not everyone who does it needs / wants to get as big as a bear , ok ?	3
' Or even if everyone approved , our hope was threatened by war , death or sickness , making it as fleeting as a sound , swift as a shadow , short as a dream : as brief as lightning in the coal - black night , when it illuminates both heaven and earth in its anger , ' he said .	3
Airflow is as important as size , you can install the biggest condenser that will fit , but it can only perform as well as the amount of airflow it receives .	3
It 's interesting , however , that when Hollywood uses itself as the framework for a story , it 's never as straightforward as Spotlight or All The President 's Men .	3
First of all , with two hit dice at first level and the possibility that gives you of doubling a constitution bonus , the monk is at least as strong as a cleric in hit points , possibly just as _ as a fighter .	3
Heat tools make our hair more porous than it already is and replenishing that protein is just as important as moisture .	3
More often than not , I get accepted on the basis that I run this blog so my insight is about as relevant as a slap in the balls .	3
I normally find Dev Patel as bland as a bunch of rocks , but here he gives a rich and soulful turn as a man who just wants his creation to be a good man / robot , and will stop at nothing to engage Chappie 's morality .	3
he ought to admit that a structure which is even as perfect as an eagle 's eye might thus be formed , although in this case he does not know the transitional states .	3
There were four in all and if there 's one thing I have learned about bassists , it 's that they are all as dull as dishwater .	3
" My father , " he said , " you have made my heart as white as milk .	3
The cyst , which can be as small as a nut or as large as a grapefruit , can be removed by surgery , allowing the baby to develop normally .	3
And there are other people who try to fix up something far more important with things just as worthless as a can of mud .	3
They could simply advertise the amount of SumoMe users it would be substantial , but it 's no where near as exciting as a number in the billions .	3
The shop should look and smell as clean as a hospital .	3
I like to give up the car and occasionally take the means of transport as old as mankind , a cart full of newly mown hay and pulled by a horse .	3
With our characters dead , Gary and Rob signed our " death certificates " on the backs of our character sheets and we all left as happy as clams !	3
But the clubs that they are vending , Are as hollow as a horn ;	3
Just as obviously , collusion and price - fixing are not nearly as evil as racism or rape , but all of them are equally indefensible .	3
A one - sided argument is just as bad as a story with holes in itin fact , they 're one and the same .	3
Capitalism is as old as civilization .	3
View full Institute of Art student Gloria Pridemore takes on Rodin at the Cleveland Museum of Art in a drawing exercise as old as museums : learning from the Litt , The Plain Dealer In December , the Cleveland museum completed an eight - year , million expansion and renovation funded by what it calls the largest private capital campaign for a cultural project in Ohio history .	3
sorry I made you stutter On May 31 , 2017 at 8:52 am , Matthewsays : Since you 're about as dense as a brick , I 'll explain it to you .	3
The descriptions of landscapes are as rich as loam ;	3
As they sat thus something brushed against Peter as light as a kiss , and stayed there , as if saying timidly , " Can I be of any use ?	3
No , it was n't as big as Apple 's juggernaut 1.6 million iPhone 3G sold in just 3 months in the US of A but that has dramatically changed over the years -- Android now runs on over a billion devices .	3
All of which combined to create this tart : And while it may not be as awesome as a trip to Cambodia with my family , it 's definitely the kind of dessert that takes you out of your surroundings and takes you away to another place .	3
she could only flounder gracelessly up to her elbows , her backbone as limp as a noodle .	3
Most people assume German cars are as reliable as the sun rising and French cars - as flaky as a croissant .	3
We all kept as mute as mice a full half - hour , and should have done so longer , only Joseph , having finished his chapter , got up and said that he must rouse the master for prayers and bed .	3
Judgment after death is as sure as life ;	3
If a person accepts any sort of payment for calling a benefit auction ( " payment " could be as simple as a meal ) , an individual is required to have an auctioneers license .	3
As the late , great Muhammad Ali taught us , boxers can be as graceful as dancers , moving in a choreography of aggression and pain .	3
If I could have that , along with a little AJAX support , I 'd be as happy as a lark .	3
I 've reached it long ago , And now am nearing Eighty With hair as white as snow .	3
Maybe the http protocol is not as effective as samba or the control of the player is different ( wrong display ratio , stuttering ) .	3
A considerable feast is set out on a platter as big as a shield .	3
since his last words he had remained as silent as a tomb .	3
You are about as elastic as a lump of granite	3
Let 's say Rivera 's as clean as a whistle but who checks out Vargas	3
Bonds can be as cruel as torture if applied with enough viciousness	3
The Bishop of Greathaven was as noble as a ship heaving landward	3
The smell of evil embrocation drifted up even as high as the clouds of Heaven	3
For three years now I 've carried this pack with me from place to place a penance a mortification a burden that weighed as heavy as sin thinking never again to open it never again to be asked to take out my chisel or swing my mallet	3
Yes said Gabriel though he felt as crushed as the thistle she had just stood on	3
She curled up in the leather sofa that looked as comfortable as a bed and waved Zen into a matching armchair opposite	3
The continual passage from one to the other was initially as refreshing as a succession of hot and cold showers and ultimately as enervating	3
But like medicine it did him good and the food tasted better than it looked and after a while the silence grew less tense and they began to chat about the contrast between bloody - minded earnest Perugia just visible on its wind - swept ridge as a distant smudge of grey and Assisi symbol of everything nice and pretty and kind whose pink stone made even its fortifications look as innocent as an illustration in a book of fairy tales	3
Great creatures roamed the forest some like bears others like cattle reaching up on hind legs that were as thick as oaks to chew leaves and berries from the tops of the trees	3
The tentacles went momentarily as stiff as rods hurling their various cargoes around the room before bunching up protectively in front of the abused Eye	3
In one boot was thrust a riding crop unusual in that it was as long as a spear and tipped with tiny steel barbs	3
as if life itself were not as empty as the house one was coming back to	3
It ran as smooth as clockwork hard disk floppy drive monitor and printer port	3
She was as tense as a cat stalking a bird	3
He gathered her to him his voice low crooning as soothing as honey on a wound	3
Then she was crying aloud as she felt her body quickening to climax and the tears wet on her own cheeks as she soared to a summit she had never hoped to experience as beautiful and spectacular and as free as the fireworks of Tivoli and like them over too soon leaving her both satiated yet hungry to renew the experience	3
He had wooed her with hunger tempered with tenderness lifting her to heights of fulfilment she could never have even imagined before she had met him and she 'd been a willing eager vessel wreaking her woman 's power over him submitting joyfully to his possession until in the final moment of consummation she had robbed him of his strength leaving him as helpless as Samson shorn of his crowning glory	3
The Havvie Blaines of this world ought to wear a sign warning decent women off and he 's as handsome as the devil which does n't help	3
And by that maxim McAllister she 's as ugly as sin and high time Master Neil realised it	3
Her mind leapt as high as the moon somehow she knew the seal could answer her heart 's desire but how could she make it happen	3
With this Glendower rampaging round Wales as free as a bird and threatening Ruthyn every time Lord Grey turns his back	3
She smiled a small smile as bitter as rue that just curled the corners of her lips	3
The Welsh wanted none but valuable prisoners and had no interest in killing the others since they would surely leave this place more nimbly and rapidly than the English survivors and be as inaccessible as the stars by the time another force looked for them	3
Her mouth was as dry as a bone but she resisted ignoring the can he proffered and stared resolutely up at him	3
His grip was like iron bands around her wrist his face was as black as thunder his eyes	3
In Darcy 's Utopia money will be as meaningless as coconuts in a country where they fall from the trees it will cease to be a corrupting cause	3
A formidable West Indian nurse bellows at me as sure as the rooster himself	3
The images were still as clear as the rain that had fallen so dispiritedly on the mourners as they stood at one side of the grave while the rector had intoned the fateful words	3
Kate 's face went as white as the towel around her head	3
In the press in the House of Commons in reports to government departments and in popular folklore there emerged the evacuee stereotype a dirty lice - ridden and foul - mouthed urchin who wet the bed with monotonous regularity preferred fish and chips to a proper three - course meal and was about as tame as a wildcat similarly the evacuee mother appeared as a negligent slut impossible to live with and having the vocabulary of a Billingsgate fish porter	3
I am reliably assured that King 's College Chapel in Cambridge which has stood as steady as a rock for the past 450 years could never be built today because the design would never be accepted under the safety limits of the building regulations	3
Whoever painted them saw life as clean as toothpaste or pretended to	3
The house was as silent as the garden outside	3
It is as twisted as the entrance to a tomb	3
You think I am as cold as stone he said	3
Its principal hall which still stands is as long and as narrow as a ship with delicately carved kiosks and balconies projecting out over the lake	3
The excitable Delhi poet Mutahhar of Kara went even further The moment I entered this blessed building he writes I saw a soul - animating courtyard as wide as the plain of the world	3
I 've brought out a pack of cards but when you know you 've got them only to while away the hours they are as exciting as a stack of washing up	3
If I was lying on that floor I 'd be as hungry as a cat outside a birdcage	3
And I listen at the wall for sounds from Jancey but it 's as quiet as a pillow and she 's obviously gone to bed	3
When the corpse floated past it was as ordinary as a branch drifting in the water and once we had passed it it stayed bobbing in the water as if tied to our stern	3
The trouble was that it seemed as likely as a lion apologising to a gazelle	3
When she asked him if they had really been as beautiful as angels he had told her abruptly to look at the portraits just as now sensing that she had been hounded out of the house he had given her something to do a task to occupy her hands and head	3
And then he gave orders to Punch for tea to be prepared and they had a terrible time finding any china that was n't cracked or broken and then she went on working in the pantry as quiet as a mouse and she could hear you both talking as clear as clear	3
She keeps their home as clean as a refrigerator and about as warm	3
Whether this was because of the weather which was warm or because they were all as curious as cats or perhaps because they were actors manqué Julia had not yet decided	3
Watch that brickwork dry off in the sun it 'll be as pale as the arch here in ten minutes	3
He was as free and as single as a bird as he made sure to tell her and they clearly got along well	3
She would n't be here now dressed to the nines for an evening that would be about as thrilling as an attack of flu if she had n't again responded in anger to her emotions	3
She was as straight as a die and a pillar of the community	3
He was as cold as the stone she sat on she thought forlornly	3
Meredith he said quietly his voice which was as soft as silk your father ordered that his possessions should be burnt	3
They looked as fresh as maids in May	3
Rachel looked as pretty as a picture her lovely body warmly covered by a grey riding cloak lined with miniver fur	3
Just hanging there from one of the beams swaying as free as a leaf in the wind	3
Around it some villagers were drinking their departed companion 's health and by the looks of them were almost as absurd as the corpse they were mourning	3
Richard Phillips is the Mary Shelley who created the monster and I have no doubts in saying that he is as mad as a snake and supremely gifted in his chosen field	3
That was about as welcome as a stick of shit in the tub - water	3
It darted out in front of her as sudden as quicksilver as Lisa was driving her rusty old Mini towards the exit of the sunlit hotel car park	3
In spite of the fact that he was as free as a bird it was possible that he regretted what had happened	3
The pleasure he felt and the calmness and the determination burned as dear as the trees in the forest	3
In the fuselage holes which are as big as fanlights showed bright sky on the other side	3
My hand was as large as a football and throbbed with a pain that extended to the shoulder blade	3
Benjamin turned as quick as a top his eyes sharp and questioning	3
Her skin was as white as milk her eyes were green flecked with amber and rather slanted	3
And added my own selfish after - thought that the whores in Paris were the most skilled in the world whilst cups of claret were as cheap as water there	3
He came back an hour later looking as smug as a cat who 'd stolen the cream	3
According to Theory Y however the expenditure of physical and mental effort in work is as natural as play or rest	3
But the rejoicing and the laughter which followed the tears were of equal importance because they powered the erotic joy that was as important as the water falling from the sky	3
Standing beside the water tank on top of the caravan 's portable step Pa looks as tall as a Zulu in his red stole brown for me with the black umbrella held over his head at full stretch by Ma who is standing behind in the mud and wet with a white towel draped over her arm and her hair flat and all dark with water	3
The slide - car was as old as history yet it had one advantage the farmer could carry loads on gradients where it would be dangerous to take a wheeled cart	3
She is as careful as a chemist with her reproaches	3
It 's as hot as hell said Lydia	3
I have been dead for a long time and by day I circle the huge air above the hills and by night I sleep in the quiet rock as _ as the rock and the little worms mean consolation as they eat me	3
I would remember against my will the fragrance of coffee and hot bread the energy that had possessed me so short a time ago when I had felt slender as an eel as powerful as a salmon as sure and quiet and graceful as an owl	3
I felt that my life fitted me as ill as a garment designed for somebody else	3
reveals the fruit in ripeness when the floss inside is ready to be plucked as soft as the lock of hair I keep with me always from your dear golden head	3
He had it then as clear as a map of a well - charted route unfolded on the captain 's table what lay in store for him and for the settlement though the islanders had not burned wet leaves and swelled white smoke into a pillar of cloud to issue a warning the signal might as well have been as clear	3
The African is as strong as a ploughox each man can do the work in this clime of two or three of men like us	3
Lately he 's been as delicate as a bitch on heat	3
Jealousy he thought was as physical as fear the same dryness of the mouth the thudding heart the restlessness which destroyed appetite and peace	3
I was given the opportunity to have a rehearsal with him but I declined because I am not like the professionals who can rehearse in detail and then put it over as fresh as a daisy when the time comes	3
She rode along swaggering like a man till she came to where the lane turned into the field and there she called out as bold as brass now please the powers I may find a tiger in the field	3
This trowel is every bit as strong as a knife or bayonet and will easily prize up any large stones I have done this often even in rock - hard clay	3
My face was as red as a tomato as I was shown to my seat	3
The sheets seemed as heavy as blankets and Flit was the only thing that prevented the mosquitoes descending on us like vultures	3
We had no means of communication with the people in the mountains which to us were as remote as Tibet and the doctor had not ventured there again in fact he was now in great danger	3
In spite of all this food I remained as thin as a rake and was as hungry as ever	3
Still not worried still sliding smoothly through the crowds feeling as elusive as a shadow I passed from night - spot to night - spot	3
By the middle of the century chamber cantatas were being written all over Italy the composers were as numerous as the madrigalists of the previous century	3
The treatment of the sky and of the areas between the various landscape objects the boats lighthouses and breakwaters in terms of the same facets or pictorial units into which the objects themselves are dissolved has the effect of making space seem as real as material one might almost say as pictorial as the solid objects themselves	3
His voice had been as faint as the whisper of a breeze against silk	3
He went as thin as a rake and deathly pale then for a couple of weeks	3
Susan 's face was as white as snow and she was shaking with cold	3
The dyed black hair was as tight as skin over his head except at the front where there was a curly fringe like the edge of a pie - crust	3
But more than that it was the shock a feeling that left his body as cold as ice and sent these involuntary convulsions through him	3
The improvisation stretched on drawing Susan into it locking into set patterns of repetition which were as fascinating as the gaze of a cobra	3
Nevertheless the promotion of tourism was as old as the railway itself	3
It was as cold as a glass of lager	3
One would be the version to be found in the published research papers those strange constrained pieces of writing whose conventions are as rigid as a sonnet whose scientific account is always a set of clearly designed unambiguously conducted and conclusive observations building from earlier data and in their final paragraphs pointing the way to future experiments more research is needed to	3
Because to make a microscope preparation means that the tissue has to be fixed and stained what one sees always looks as if it is a very rigid structure but in the living organism the dendritic pattern of neurons is as mobile as the branches of a growing tree in a gentle breeze so changed branching patterns are perhaps not so hard to envisage	3
His eyelashes were extravagantly long tar black and as thick as the teeth on a comb and his lids were gently slanted harbouring eyes of an electrifying blue	3
It was as blank as a stone worn by aeons of tides on the seashore	3
The house was as quiet as death as the inside of a skull but the year was 1953 I was an atheist and an absolute non-believer in spiritualism ghosts and all that mumbo - jumbo	3
I hesitated a moment then saw her face as blank as the door behind her and gave up	3
For Christ 's sake M ' lud the matter 's as clear as the loincloth on the Crucifixion	3
She clung to him and his mouth found hers and she tasted as fresh and as new as the morning and desire had exploded within him and he thought that after all he had been wrong once would never be sufficient he wanted her for always he wanted to be with her to share everything with her	3
It seemed an arid mountain as dry as a chalk down in Sussex	3
We suddenly realized that we were as free as air and could n't think of a thing to do with this unexpected liberty	3
Tess 's face went as white as the snow on the ground	3
It was built of boards , so that the sun made it as hot as an oven .	3
" He was as purple as a raspberry .	3
This recipe is as basic as a pair of jeans and , we suppose , could be doctored with a handful of chocolate chips or shredded coconut , but why mess with perfection ?	3
If a business is centered around your individual talents , the need for good time management should be as obvious as a slap in the face .	3
His room was as black as pitch with the thick darkness ( for the shutters were close fastened through fear of robbers ) , and so I knew that he could not see the opening of the door , and I kept pushing it on steadily , steadily .	3
Your fun to have around , but this kid is about as funny as a marshmallow !	3
It is a tale as old as time , a wall separating gamers at their very core .	3
Guy at Table 5 is as happy as a turd in a toilet bowl while everyone else is wondering why the restaurant just get so hot and stagnant .	3
The Hollywood action hero is as old as movies .	3
When the two armies clashed the arrows flew in such clouds that they darkened the sky , the hooves of the chariot horses were like thunder upon Olympus , the brazen armour of the Atlanteans dazzled the eye and their spearheads seemed as countless as wheat growing in a field .	3
For two weeks , he could get as hot as a firecracker .	3
' she said , smiling as sweet as honey , and creeping close up .	3
This new moon will arrive with Jupiter in close alignment , which is as rare as diamonds .	3
He was as skinny as a rail .	3
BALDESSARI : That should be the goal for all art , to be as simple as a flashcard .	3
However , fibroids can grow to be as big as a melon and when they get this _ they can cause a lot of pain and discomfort for the female .	3
Her eyes were as wide as saucers as her own crotch came into view !	3
Mom : You were as heavy as an anchor , but I am a certified American as is your dad .	3
On grounds of time , the judge heard just 22 cases before coming to his conclusion that the men before him were as guilty as sin .	3
You have been our rock , while being as gentle as a lamb .	3
Seeing your hair not reverting back at this point , you may be hyperventilating or perhaps you 're as calm as a cucumber ( or not !	3
Retirement does n't seem so scary when it 's far in the future , but when you 're staring it in the face with very little savings , it can make you turn as white as a ghost .	3
He was silent like a lamb being led to the butcher , as quiet as a sheep having its wool cut off .	3
They are as strong as a horse and they can knock down fencing in the blink of an eye which they 've done time and time again .	3
So , what exactly makes a wine as good as gold ?	3
They are as good as gold and I believe they wish to remain long term tenants and so wish to offer them a SPT .	3
His eyes are as red as fire from weeping .	3
Sixteen is as beautiful as a sunrise .	3
The sky was overcast and as there was no wind the lake was as smooth as glass .	3
they looked as big as saucers in the light of the moon .	3
My Benelli is as smooth as glass and you can really let em rip .	3
It 's a tale as old as time .	3
" Conrad must have taken Cole at his word , because he stumbled out of the door , being as white as a sheet and moving so fast he jiggled .	3
judgment is as sure as death .	3
He kept looking around , amazed , thinking something really bizarre was happening his pupils were as big as quarters , as were most of ours quite frankly .	3
Then we have the characters that don / t quite fit either bill , the wonderful anti-heroes such as Watchmen 's Rorschach or the Hulk , characters which can either have a strange set of morals that are almost as sinister as a villains or those who lose control and can not help their actions despite having them held against them .	3
" And they are becoming more picky because the kids audience is just as sophisticated as adults .	3
21 Then I took the sinful thing , the calf that you had made , and burned it with fire and crushed it , grinding it very small , until it was as fine as dust .	3
With Ruta , it is definitely a case of the age - old adage that change is as good as a rest ;	3
Its OMC engine would prove to be about as durable as a pair of fancy sneakers , too .	3
" A four - and - a-half minute instrumental , relying heavily on Quinns guitar and Reeses piano , it comes across as gentle as a lullaby .	3
" Grandeur was his forte , but he could be as simple as a child and as tender as a mother .	3
Your sexuality is your passion print , which is as unique as a fingerprint .	3
They have neglected His call , " Come now , and let us reason together , saith the Lord : though your sins be as scarlet , they shall be as white as snow " 17 .	3
" And he always cuts me off before I explain that US dollars are as virtual as bitcoin .	3
Proverbial tail is as big as a shovel .	3
" Katy is a Bengal and was as playful as a kitten until she died at age 15 .	3
Hunting packs are capable of running down prey which is  as large as kudu and zebra ( they can reach speeds of up to 70khp !	3
It 's powered by a 660CC , 3 cylinder Honda motor but do n't let the size of the engine fool you , it is as light as a feather .	3
They are as tall as a tree and as big around as a church .	3
It was so feminine , I was as pretty as a girl in her clothes .	3
They 're not quite as lively as racquetballs or topspin - y as tennis balls .	3
It worked and though I was still as nervous as heck , I could swallow it and get on with it .	3
When I was finished sanding , it was as smooth as a babyswell , you can imagine .	3
It was the perfect combination of sweet , salty , and was almost as good as a dessert !	3
That would be nonsense -- ' The Red Queen shook her head , You may call it " nonsense " if you like , ' she said , but I 've heard nonsense , compared with which that would be as sensible as a dictionary !	3
History and myths punctuate the star gazing , drawing the listener into realising that they are engaging in an activity that is as old as humanity 's curiosity .	3
So spoiled to taste tuscan olive oil that is as delicious as a drink !	3
An API on its own is as useful as a car with no driverits potential without execution .	3
Whatever you need , you 'll find our products " and their performance " are as good as gold !	3
A woodland inn wanders past , as big as a barrack .	3
yet , come thou and thy five men , and if I do not leave you all as dead as a doornail , I pray God I may never eat grass more .	3
You will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that Marley was as dead as a doornail .	3
And then there came a second noise , a whisper of sound which is as faint as a breath .	3
Having gathered up the books , he captured Sylvie , and stowed her away under his palet ( t , where she nestled as quiet as a mouse , her head just peeping forth .	3
We got a taste of the new version in the most recent trailer for Beauty and the Beast , but now you can listen to that new tale as old as time in its entirety .	3
When it comes to women in real life , I imagine he 's as gentle as a sheep .	3
Our last glimpse of her shows her at the window , watching them receding into the sky until they were as small as stars .	3
Even veteran soldiers could be as helpless as a child in a battlefield , and weak creatures like them should not continue to exist in this world .	3
Coming into the game , Morrow , who was celebrating his 27th birthday , looked as good as gold .	3
Even worse , folks are about as interesting as a plate of lemon - dressed asparagus ( ahem , Stephanie ) , or they 're just too down - to - Earth for reality TV , so they do n't do much .	3
As they say Love is blind but they also say that a nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse .	3
He 's as thin as a lath .	3
Also Mars is as barren as a nail , not even an ET virus / bacteria was detected by all our martian missions combined .	3
They were approximately four kilometers away from the enemies , and the fire torches were about as bright as a firefly , and it was quite impossible for them to even see the figure carrying the torches .	3
The creatures can reach an impressive 5,000 pounds and their thick skin is as tough as rubber .	3
In a culture that offers no grace for the imperfect , the concept of " sin " is as foreign as shrimp and grits .	3
The finished result quite easy to do once you know how , even if you have n't had any practice or experience of paper folding before was as solid as a rock .	3
His face was as red as a tomato .	3
" Her voice was as persistent as stone .	3
but he was as stubborn as a mule , and , instead of snatching at her bait , in wet weather he took to smoking with Joseph ;	3
The Dornish prince had gone as white as milk .	3
There 's no danger he translated his eyes on the soothsayer 's hands but the boar that we want is as fast as the wind and as sharp as an eagle	3
Lola kept track of patients whose personalities were as variable as the weather One minute Paul says he does not want his wife any more and the next he has changed his mind she listened to their grievances Josef thinks he is fit to work and look after himself says he is being kept a prisoner but he is very confused and deluded and even mediated between doctors Dr Freymann said it must be a genuine case of epilepsy but	3
Some of them are frail physically but are as bright as a button in their minds	3
Her back was as straight as a ramrod which made her feel a little more dignified while engaging in what she considered the unladylike art of cycling	3
His back was also as straight as a ramrod and his highly polished black gaiters had flashed in the sun	3
No countered Barney she seems as happy as a pig in poop	3
I 'm as high as a kite and there 's no champagne in the orange juice	3
Even though to my mind Bambi Lorrimore and Daffodil Quentin were as compatible as salt and strawberries the two women were again positioned opposite each other bound there by the attraction between their men	3
In the dark mourning robes left to him by his grandfather he was as exotic as Valentino as dangerous as a black prince of the desert	3
With design in Germany racing forward some of their ideas for coordinating fabrics in the bedroom with colours in your wardrobes can create an image which is as cool as a stroll in the Black Forest	3
Whichever room you choose you can make it feel as fresh as a coat of _ paint with a coat of paint	3
The derelict remains of the old building were as bleak as the weather and the bare trees dripped with melting frost like chilling tears	3
Her eyes were as blue as the patch of bright sky which had suddenly emerged from between the clouds and when she looked at him he was sure there was invitation in their depths	3
Her heart felt as empty as the cage in her hands	3
When he went to look at Anna before going to school her eyes were once more as blue as the sky and she curled her fingers round his as if she did n't want to let him go	3
Sarah stayed outside a few minutes longer her spirits lifting wondrously and she felt as happy as a robin singing among the branches of the oak tree	3
When the sun played on her golden hair it was as bright as the copper warming pan which Sarah put between the sheets on winter nights	3
When he was no more than knee high and as slender as a pencil I dug him out of the wild river bank and planted him in a virginal garden half an acre of island that consisted of nothing more luxurious or exotic than brick rubble tilled chalk and grass seed	3
You 're as close as a bug in a rug here Myles	3
It will go more probably to an unknown office cleaner whose life is as anonymous as a flower but just as perfect or beautiful	3
It 's small quick a touch faster than the BJ - 200 as quiet as an inkjet can be and fairly cheap	3
It 's as dark as death out there	3
Their faces were as cold as death and salty and wet from the sea	3
The stone flew in the air across the surface of the water skimming as free as a bird but only because it bounced on that surface every now and then and refused to sink at the first contact	3
He made himself as modest as a lamb hoping perhaps that they would give him an extra morsel of food or some other favour	3
He seemed as tall as a mountain and every one of his steps measured about ten metres	3
She watched him gazing amorously at those twin orbs as white as marble and as plump as pigeons	3
His partially - aroused prick became as hard as iron as she gently massaged his loose foreskin	3
She marched into his big library as bold as brass and stood in front of his favourite chair	3
You were as hot as hell after my bottom	3
His dick stood up as stiff as a poker but he felt no embarrassment only lust	3
Seagoing is as old as history and the merchant seaman as _ as trade itself	3
The sense of disappointment was as sharp as a blow painful out of all proportion so much so that for a moment I was almost angry with him for not being there	3
Her flesh is as tense as the flesh of an olive	3
Pete did n't know whether to duck or run and the choice was fairly academic anyway as for the moment his body seemed to be about as responsive as a sack of rocks	3
They were as ugly as sin and they had no conversation and he missed them already	3
BELVILLE You must be as flexible as the reed in the fable lest by resisting the tempest like the oak you be torn up by the roots	3
This tree though was as beautiful as a miracle for it was very tall and bore leaves flowers and fruit all at the same time the leaves were green as emerald the flowers white as snow and the pears fine large and glossy big as your two fists put together	3
Great towering clouds were massing behind Big Allen but to the west the sky was as clear as the inside of a mother - of - pearl - lined shell of a pale tender pink - stained azure	3
Her body went as tense as a bowstring and when she opened her eyes and looked into his face she saw there awestricken astonishment	3
The cook came up the side as quick as a monkey and saw what we were doing	3
Ace had been amazed that Dubois had shown virtually no reaction to the TARDIS beyond a comment that it was almost as strange as the domain of the zombi astral	3
He felt as weak as a kitten but the fever and nausea were gone	3
Even the eyebrows and the elbows seem as busy as hens on hot griddles by comparison	3
The kid steps in and Ali stabs him with a well - timed jab that 's as sweet as a bite from the last tangy apple of autumn	3
But in the following sentences unfinished fragmentary which are as spontaneous as speech we seem to be placed right inside Emma 's head	3
The big wooden table had been scrubbed as white as a bone on the seashore	3
His Partagas perfecto was champed between his inner tube lips a diamond as big as a buttercup sparkled on the starched front of his dress shirt a long white silk scarf was casually looped around his lack of a neck	3
From then on his manner towards me was as cold as ice which caused me great pain	3
He knows sod all about football and talk about stingy I wish the defence were as tight as the clasp on his wallet	3
That was a time when young and old had thronged the streets to welcome in a new century and though anything with the 1800s about it was already as dead as history it still took some years before the magical 19 in the date lost its strangeness and one would write it without a slight hesitation	3
I shall be as right as rain in no time	3
They 're as big as the Sun some are even bigger	3
I shall be as tall as a house in a minute she said	3
One minute I 'm very small the next minute I 'm as tall as a house then I 'm small again	3
The bell - lamp in the passage looked as clear as a soap - bubble you could see yourself in all the tables and French - polish yourself on any one of the chairs	3
Her mouth felt as dry as a bone and her eyes were closed against the intrusive light	3
I throw the rind as thick as a pencil in the direction of the vervet monkeys but they show no understanding of my offer	3
drum up a roar as wide as a continent a deep hot note	3
She looked as Spanish as the building with her quick smile and very red lips	3
If they had n't been so excitable they 'd have been as free as birds right now	3
The sweater was as light as a puff and as smooth as a bird to touch	3
They are not as swift as cheetah and have to get considerably closer usually to within twenty yards of their target if they are to have a reasonable chance of overtaking it when the race begins	3
So all the fish that use this system whether in the rivers of West Africa or in South America keep their bodies as stiff as ramrods and have to propel themselves by undulation of their fins	3
She was n't perfect she had a temper and children who got in her way on bad days were liable to get clouted but she was as normal as daylight and for all her temper the nicest person Ruth knew	3
The nine Women came behind her their footfalls as light as birds '	3
She was slipping on a surface as clean as glass and cries were resounding in her ears her own cries she thought confusedly or Adam 's then she fell and the glassy surface struck like a blow	3
In a single movement he had snatched a vase from the mantelpiece and brought it smashing against Ben 's temple as neat as the stone through the French window	3
A big broad - shouldered man stood there looking gently down at her he seemed almost as tall as the half - mortals his shadow streaming a long way across the beach	3
The wall was as transparent as glass but it was as if it revealed only another wall of uniform greyness	3
Wearing the suit she weighed three hundred kilos and felt as graceful as a rhinoceros as soon as she was outside she 'd feel almost weightless and the suit 's systems would give her the strength of a robot while hardly affecting the speed and ease of her movements	3
We 'd be as happy as the birds in spring sighed Blake	3
C.J. Coventry being the other in 1888 to 89 rotates an arm which is as perpendicular as a spire and has anything but a stony facade	3
Lieutenant Webster the Duke 's voice was as cold as a sword in winter four horses instantly to the Prince of Orange 's carriage	3
On the other hand he had to be as hard as granite inside harder even than a brutally flamboyant exhibitionist such as Obispal since Jaq was a guardian of those who guarded humanity an investigator of the investigators	3
The human mother who gave birth to a deformed bestial hybrid would dote on it blindly as protective as a tiger of her cub and as cunning	3
They held each other soberly and Anna noticed he was as thin as a ruler all bone	3
After several seconds Flora came as slow as a snail bumping her bags down the steps head bent	3
The spittle - bug or frog - hopper is equally as soft as an aphid but three or four times the size	3
Dan comments Paceley was as sharp as a tack and super dependable	3
If I was to break my leg tomorrow I 'd be as sick as a parrot but it would n't be the end of the world	3
Yet she thought Vi was as free as the air with no home to worry about no children to rear on a pittance as Mam had done	3
You 're as white as a sheet and you 're shaking	3
Jack Hayden obviously has a very close affinity with William Terris ' ghost because when he made a purposeful visit to Covent Garden Station recently he saw him as large as life as if waiting to welcome him back	3
It hit the platform fence and ran under the carriage as quick as a flash the boy darted past Charlotte and Albert and tried to look for it under the wheels	3
The whole scene to my informant was as clear as a bell but on reflection it would seem as if it was part of an earlier railway system	3
Overcoming this Catch 22 has cost modern fusion research billions of dollars so far using arrays of magnets as big as houses in order to contain the fuel at temperatures ten times hotter even than those in the centre of the Sun and making it dense enough and stable enough that a self - sustaining reaction can occur	3
Their colours and patterns seemed as fresh as the day they were made and she was amazed at their richness compared with the wartime materials she was used to	3
In sporting terms it was about as relevant as a showing of Treasure Hunt or Interceptor the TV game shows which have occupied her recently	3
They are as agile as goats on their spindly legs and can be seen grazing on cliff ledges which you would swear were inaccessible to anything without wings	3
MONOPOLIES are as Mexican as mescal and just as intoxicating	3
In Japan talk of corporate governance has been about as common as sararimen in bowler hats	3
A mother can seem both ageless and as old as the hills to her child	3
Perceptions may change her body can feel as vast as a mountain and her own breathing be heard as an urgent sound coming from a different person	3
It was indeed as hot as hell inside the aircraft	3
It was not surprising that Benny had been as excited as a hen walking on hot coals all summer long never able to keep still always jumping up with some further excitement	3
I like being as thick as thieves with her	3
To the Romanian audience for these trials which were broadcast live on television the lists of cartons of cigarettes or kilos of refrigerated meat were as fascinating as the tales of the riches of the Sultan in One Thousand and One Nights	3
It is to be as visible as a city built upon a hill	3
Plexiglass used by many modern German artists she considers about as dead as glass can be the antithesis of good glass	3
And while not everyone can detect the tonal nuances of brass and chrome jackplugs it 's as plain as the selector switch on your 62 Strat that one mag has more body more highs and more sustain than a patent - applied - for Shredbucker	3
All at once one of the birds it seemed enormous to the child but may well have been as small as a sparrow flew into the air and fluttered past the pushchair its wings actually brushing the little girl 's face	3
It 's as light as day tonight	3
Great care must be exercised with these core pieces as the material is as brittle as glass and easily broken by careless handling and assembly	3
Theory - crammed history of artificial and military intelligence which suggests that the cybernetic organism is as ancient as the Greeks and as modern as the Tomohawk missile	3
She had done sterling service already and was as indifferent as a ship can well be which is actually as we have already speculated not quite _ after all	3
He is as stupid as a brush and had to be persuaded ours was a worthwhile cause	3
I can go on for another three or four years yet because I 'm still as fit as a fiddle he said	3
In fact she was as quiet as a mouse and Ruth hardly knew she was there	3
After morning service when the last of the footsteps and voices exchanging greetings had died away she heard the vicar ride off the clip - clop of the horse 's hooves as clear as a bell on the cold air	3
I wanted to express what a simple thing death and burial is just as _ as the falling of a leaf - just a bit of earth dug up a wooden cross	3
The family scene may not be as smooth as silk but is it ever	3
I 'm as selfish as a pig deep down she says	3
During our set the sky grew gradually darker and darker until by the last number the sky was as black as the ceiling of the Camden Falcon	3
The songs are consistent in that they are uniformly as confused as an Asian skinhead as profound as a boiled egg and as lifeless as a dick in a refrigerator	3
Leo bless him was as ugly as sin and James had been referred to by more than one gossip columnist as a sex symbol	3
At first it was part of a dream which vanished as soon as I woke and knew that I was alone on the broch island lying on the turf in a sleeping - bag with my head pillowed on my rolled - up sweater but seemingly connected with the earth itself from which apparently right below my head came a sound every bit as strange as the mermaids ' song of the seals	3
Ewen went as white as paper and jerked upright in his chair	3
Levy 's voice is as rough as a shag on the floor of a sandpaper factory the lyric is utterly ridiculous describing the popularity and stylishness of a certain fashionable item and the soprano sax added to that tender little guitar lick from the Arrested Development record just upsets your soul	3
It 's as lazy as a cat in hot weather with the lyric amounting to a mere two verses before the vocals just sit down to let the languid groove take over	3
For emotional resonance flags are about as potent as a quadrilateral of cloth can be	3
' E 's a spry ole thing but he 's as soft as butter ent you ole boy and he knelt down and ruffled his fur	3
One of his friends who was called John she heard during the introductions was as beautiful as Larry but dark as a panther cool as a wooded river	3
He was nearly as tall as the ceiling and hardly had to reach	3
She felt as heavy as the smell of beer in the air as crude as the wood of the tables as cheap as the picture mirrors on the walls	3
The cause was a common one and as old as the hills but I was unable to talk about it for years	3
Perdita went as green as the guides ' unconsumed lemon squash	3
Martin Fierro 's aim in life was to sleep on a bed of clover look up at the stars and live as free as a bird in the sky	3
Do n't call me that you great jerk said Perdita hammering her fists against his chest which was as hard as the ground outside	3
To give Perdita confidence in her first chukka he 'd put her on a dark brown pony called Chimango which meant bird of prey who was as steady as a rock but who swept down on the ball like a hawk	3
However despite suffering a minor heart attack 15 years ago Len from Fressingfield Suffolk said he felt as fit as a fiddle and intended to make next year 's drop	3
And though we give you a finish that 's as hard as nails everything is made to a remarkably gentle formulation	3
She was as good as gold not making a sound all the way to the dog 's home	3
She is as gentle as a lamb and while most people are cautious when meeting her they soon think she 's wonderful	3
Looking at him as he stared into the night she felt a surge of affection as pure and as elementary as the flow of cold air against her face	3
I 've only been in your bed with you once and then you were as rough as a cat thinking that sister of yours might come back unexpectedly	3
And the Guinea Coast afore that she prompted hoping for tales about unknown Africa that seemed to her as strange as the moon and as far away	3
He could feel reserve even hostility coming towards him as real as the smell of roasting meat	3
The train of thought that begins like this is as slippery as an eel and the only effective way to catch it is to examine the truth of the matter	3
And Jean - Paul can be as stubborn as a mule and you knew perfectly well that if you 'd told him what you felt he would have dug in his heels and insisted	3
Achieving a maths mark in double figures all tests are marked out of 50 was about as likely as Iceland winning the Eurovision song contest or Michael Jackson growing up to be normal or growing up at all come to that	3
It 's just as soft as pads or cotton wool balls and is thick extra-absorbent for mopping up jobs and it wo n't fray either	3
When Mr Wormwood arrived back from the garage that evening his face was as dark as a thunder - cloud and somebody was clearly for the high - jump pretty soon	3
She saw the child white in the face as _ as paper trembling all over the eyes glazed staring straight ahead and seeing nothing	3
Although the music they are dealing with is as old as the hills they have still managed to inject a little of their own venom into what was once regarded as a mummified corpse	3
Plus they rely far too heavily on Chad Gracey 's bionic drumming to get them noticed the tinny snare effect soon becoming as annoying as a catfight underneath your window at 3.00 am	3
It was as dry as a bone under a never - ending roaring waterfall	3
And high above at the end of the curve the steep hillsides rose as _ as the rim of the dormant volcano on High Island	3
After all I felt as fit as a fiddle he explained	3
We arrived as keen as a couple of puppies out for their first walkies full of fun and raring to go	3
They were close to starvation and typical of barn owls when they 're frightened they sat as stiff as dummies not making a sound	3
Mogadishu once known as the pearl of the Indian Ocean with its whitewashed buildings leafy streets and pretty pavement cafes is now more bullet - battered than Beirut and about as safe as a saunter through an Iraqi minefield	3
It was as plain as the nose on his face	3
Brett weighed a mere 1 lb 5oz and was as short as a watchstrap when he was born seventeen weeks early	3
The house is as dead as a dodo said an insider yesterday	3
She could sense the rising tension in the room almost as oppressive as the scent of all the flowers	3
Besides none of us ever knew the whole story even though it was as plain as a pikestaff when you came to think about it	3
He was a strong healthy lad and as pleased as punch to be working with Dad	3
Both are as good as money in the bank	3
Thin and tiny in stature her back was as straight as an arrow but her legs often pained her in the cooler winter and spring weather	3
No anaesthetic and you 'll feel as right as rain afterwards	3
The Greeks preferred to find their gospel example of the contemplative life in the story of the Transfiguration of Jesus on Mount Tabor when his glory shone through his humanity and his garments became as white as snow to the astonishment and joy of three of his disciples who were privileged to see the vision	3
The evening sun glowed from the west as cheap as a dinner - gong throwing long purple shadows across the untidy lawn and into the bushes	3
Do n't know what it 's like inside but it 's as black as the ace of spades outside	3
Nigel muttered You 're as blind as a bat as he went out	3
He sat back as smug as a cat that has licked the cream while Eleanor held his hand and looked concerned	3
They laughed swam in the Humber which strangely was as warm as bathwater and a dazzling transparent blue chased each other in slow motion through the sand dunes caught each other and kissed fed each other with Marie could not decide what they should feed each other with	3
As I turned this thought over in my mind it became as sparkling and as beautiful as the morning itself	3
I saw a hole in one of his socks at the back as big as a potato and offered to do some mending for him	3
It was a very cold frosty night in December and because the snow on the footpath was hard and uneven and as slippery as ice I walked along the edge of the road	3
We can hardly tell the Finance and Executive Committee that the British are unreliable at the vehicle plants but as solid as the Rock of Gibraltar when it comes to components	3
He went down the airless corridor to his Boss 's office said hello to the secretary and walked into the large oak - panelled room which was as big as the lobby of many a sizeable hotel	3
They carted him like a scarecrow his heels scoring the gravel but he was as stubborn as a pig in a cart he would never squeal without a hard prod Donald Stewart the blacksmith had to grip his wrist to make him sign the paper	3
I saw their uncircumcised members as clear as day and shuddered	3
During the meeting with him a few months before his death which was recorded in an article published in the London Review Philip Roth found him as keen as mustard here was someone who listened with the intent stillness of a chipmunk	3
The answer is as obvious as the sign on a streetcar it is a business man	3
Stuck in the middle of the Oxfordshire countryside with hundreds of noisy incomprehensible children and colleagues who make me feel about as comfortable as a walk in the rain	3
No matter that their French or German accents were as thick as a slice of sushi	3
He looks about as friendly as an anaconda with belly - ache from too much goat - swallowing	3
Before that can happen there has to be peace in Afghanistan and that prospect looks as remote as the end to the drug traffic	3
Although your husband 's penis does n't have a bone in it at least not unless he 's a badger or something it does become almost as stiff as a bone when he 's excited	3
Her face became as bright as an icon as if she had momentarily glimpsed the old customs of Irkutsk a bridal party bearing skates of bone and bodices of the finest needle - point standing on the southern shore and looking across Baikal a sallow - faced groom from Chita smoothing his first moustache and pacing the deck of an ice - locked paddle - steamer	3
His mind was as cold as the ice forming on the windscreen	3
The rest of us were as thrilled as ITV at last season 's denouement between the two clubs	3
In our North London fastness we are as ignorant as snowflakes of such matters	3
Lochs which were once as clear as crystal are now coloured muddy brown	3
Peter was as steady as a rock keeping the ball on the fairway and hitting nearly every green in regulation	3
We played with Gary player for the first two rounds and he was as miserable as sin about our luck with the weather because we caught it again for the second round	3
Agnes watched her walk to the gate as agile as a sparrow and none the worse it seemed for her tumble	3
Below the triumphant spires of dock which covered the beds submerged cabbages as large as footballs could be discerned	3
The pre-season dispute over which contest the Eddie Aikau or the Triple Crown would have priority if the surf topped twenty feet at Waimea seemed about as relevant as an argument over how many angels you could fit on a pinhead	3
Characteristically after this burst of bitter humour he added that it was quite nice even though he found his host about as intelligent as a mule and as human as a boa - constrictor	3
If this flow could be transported to North Wales it would stand half as high as Snowdon if it could be transported to Surrey it would be half as _ again as the highest hill and such is the attraction of all _ objects from mountains to the cost of living it would be an important landmark regularly thronged in summer with picnickers and ramblers and would feature on scores of postcards	3
It was as big as a settee but it was dead quiet	3
Firelight was now as gentle as a lamb and would lie down and sleep beside him instead of pacing round her box all night	3
She 's as sweet as the heather in the dell	3
She 's as sweet as the heather the bonnie bloomin ' heather	3
A horse and a cart that stands as high as a house and cost the best part of thirty pounds and you lost them both	3
It 's as bad as a war wi ' you two Thomasina had said	3
A virus is as neutral as a bullet or a shell	3
Added to this was an acceptance of liberal Victorian culture to such a degree that it was assumed to be as eternal as the gospel itself	3
Now the sky grew nearly as black as night and I galloped into the hotel just as the most torrential downpour I have seen in my life cascaded from the sky as the waters of the Red Sea might have descended on Pharaoh	3
There are places roped with cablecoil guts as thick as a man as fine as a whisker a rumbling kingdom	3
I was as helpless and as degraded as the pig on the bench at the top of our garden nearly thirty years ago	3
This room is as cold as a cabin in the frozen woods but it is not so _ as the heart of the person to whom I gave my love my hope my talent	3
And then I want my shaft to be as long as a furlong and time to stand still and my tongue to be dipped in honey	3
But now it seemed as natural as the confluence of two rivers and needed no words at all	3
He had been a cheerful fellow in those days and life was as trivial as a laugh on the wind or the carelessly squandered words of a song	3
The sound was as final as the closing of a coffin lid	3
He went as white as a sheet and backed off immediately	3
He appeared to have a hard grasp on politics current states ' rights issues and federal judgeships being contested a scenario that had seemed as likely as the fusillade of laser fire Ali said Muslim spaceships would one day loose on the white devils	3
His speed at getting into position is breath - taking almost as unbelievable as the power with which he murders the ball	3
Her information came from a huge list which was as thick as a book published free by the Department of the Environment which gave details of old and interesting properties including lighthouses watch towers and windmills throughout England	3
The atmosphere here 's as thick as mud she said	3
Said he was as stiff as a ramrod and would get nowhere but he 's pretty hard on people anyway	3
Trollope nearly loses control on the subject of The Plumber a man doubtless aware that he is odious to be put down with the tax - gatherer as being as certain as fate and as inexorable	3
Her writing is as whole as sculpture and as steady and unobtrusive as breathing	3
On the other hand I 've been as happy as a turkey in January and all because of a story I spotted in a medical magazine stating that regular lashings of oily fish cut sharply your chances of having a heart attack	3
Both had superb doubly dissected leaves which were as elegant as the foliage of ferns hanging down for 2ft or so	3
It was as big as the island itself if not bigger and the rocks below seemed to be wobbling under the strain of holding it up	3
If the water is frozen and shifts as a glacier then it can carry entire boulders which are as big as a hotel hundreds of miles and gouge great scars	3
Full of fire at the first performance he would be worn out and as cold as marble at the third	3
This Marx pointed out was as idle as a belief in fairies	3
I do not know whether we dragons loved her or hated her her will was like iron as fast clad as our scaled hides but her heart was like a songbird in the morning and she was as lovely as the lilies of the field	3
No matter how carefully he sliced each shovelful in an arc out on the wind there were certain unpredictable gusts that lifted the grains and blew them back towards the tractor so that by evening his clothes were filthy with lime his face and hands which are as white as chalk accentuating the inflamed red round his eyes	3
For the unwary it is a feeling which is as infectious as embarrassment or flirtatiousness	3
Montgomery a very outdated figure at the time of his death in 1976 had been Britain 's last military hero and he seemed as remote as Wellington or Marlborough	3
Compared with the mysteries surrounding the deaths of President Kennedy or Marilyn Monroe the controversy surrounding Spandau 's 93 - year - old inmate is about as interesting as the fall of a dead leaf	3
I 'm as fresh as a daisy he declared brightly	3
I am always in my very best spirits for my heart has been as light as a feather ever since I got away from all that humbug and what is more I have become fatter	3
The glittering courtiers were as scattered as the bodies of the soldiers in their bright Second Empire uniforms who lay in the fields of Eastern France	3
It 's as dead as a dodo she said referring to the sheep	3
We 're as thick as thieves the pair of us	3
Both powers in practice are as useful as a parachute in a space ship reassuring but not very practical	3
If we were as smart as chickens we could utilise ambient temperature technology	3
The canyons of ruins the heaps of pancaked houses formed a front line as static as the valleys and mountains to the east of the city	3
Heaps of faded yellowing newspaper cuttings their arguments as flawed as the foundations of the front - line ruins are there to prove our lack of comprehension	3
A son of the manse he lends to Labour the dark Church of Scotland tones that can make the recession sound as bleak as the wind that whips off the Firth of Forth in midwinter	3
Camping in tents and cooped up in those magnificent mobile ovens the crews were understandably as short on fuse as they were long on indestructibility and tantrums were as common as stones through the windscreen the motley band continued their unsung way across the tropic of Cancer while those celebrated and sponsored Paris - Dakar counterparts roared along to the west	3
Or rather as she then standing tense in the emptiness felt it she had become something exceedingly small smaller than the jar of marmalade and more mobile as _ as a mouse or as an electric spark which was impelled to run very fast invisibly fast round and round the house altering it in some way which was now imperative	3
And the sleeper opened her eyes which were as blue as periwinkle or the summer sky and the little tailor because he knew this was what he must do bent and kissed the perfect cheek	3
For you must know that I had a twin brother who is as beautiful as the day and gentle as a fawn and healthy as new bread and butter whose company pleased me so much as mine also pleased him that we swore an oath never to marry but to live forever peacefully in the castle and hunt and play together the livelong day	3
A small opening sometimes which is as _ as the head of a matchstick is left for the passage of urine and menstrual blood	3
To him and to most of his European friends it was as clear as daylight in the sky that a war was coming	3
Actually sneering is n't at all big or clever and most people that do it are as soft as shite really	3
For several minutes Morse looked down at the turbid turgid river and his thoughts were as restless as the waters below him	3
Her husband 's a solicitor I said which was n't strictly true but he was in the legal profession and they 're all as thick as thieves as far as I 'm concerned	3
The compulsion to get away and not look back was as strong as a hand on her shoulder urging her forward	3
I feel as futile as salmon arriving a day late for spawning just as everyone is leaving satiated	3
All those birds are as common as dirt around here but I guess if they could be of some use to you that 's great	3
We bin as miserable as dirt ' cos we ai n't never been married	3
The captain was as happy as a pig in the mire	3
Her lips were red half - open as if waiting to be kissed displaying teeth as white as ivory though I noticed one tooth slightly out of line with the others	3
My mind raced as agile as a flea in air	3
Two great cats amber - eyed with tufted ears and spotted skins of burnished gold padded as soft as death across the polished floor	3
Given that at least in the first year of the new council tax there will still be two - tier authorities in the shires I hope that the Bill will be as tight as a drum to ensure that the tiered authorities that are not up for election do not use that freedom from the ballot box as happened in Nottinghamshire with the poll tax to wreck the council tax in the way that they wrecked the poll tax in its first year	3
Tax is about as popular as a trip to the dentist or a dose of malaria	3
She said when she saw you last you were as thin as a rake and she 's right	3
That 'll bring the bruising out and the ankle will be as right as rain in a week or two	3
You do n't have to worry about those sheep Seb they 're as close as bugs in a rug out there but I 've given them some more hay just in case	3
William can be as stubborn as the devil when he chooses and the sight of a soldier will only make him dig in his heels further	3
Warm skin is as soft as silk against his mouth	3
Blue eyes are as light and as frozen as ice stared into hers before his glance moved slowly downwards deliberately insulting	3
His tone was as icy as the weather outside	3
I stepped on a twig which made a noise that seemed as loud as thunder and I ran back across to my hiding place	3
She remained as thin as a rake although she was eating properly now	3
It is as dead as phlogiston and the universal aether	3
The back avenue was a secondary way from the house only as wide as a street it ran between a shrubbery and a park - like field until it reached the farmyard wall	3
The man was as sleek as a seal much as Cleo had expected	3
A typewriter was as individual as a fingerprint or a set of teeth or a gun barrel scoring a bullet	3
The blonde girl lay as inactive as a corpse on the ground a thread of blood ribboning her temple	3
Heathcliff dropped his candle and stood without moving. His face was as white as the wall behind him	3
Every year is as regular as clockwork ever since I 've been here and that 's eight years	3
Although the principles of the techniques are as old as mathematics itself the ability to solve the complex equations was only available with the advent of electronic computers	3
Oh you 'll be as right as rain by that time	3
Anyway she looked as beautiful as a rose in her tube dress arching her neck turning her flowerlike head pouting professionally smiling	3
In this context the legal points in Tudor Grange Holdings Limited v Citibank NA 1991 3 WLR 750 were as diverse as the ingredients of a hospital dispensary in that they were a mixture of insolvency company law and the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977	3