Oh Tim come on , aagh	1
The age structure of Meadowell means it is awash with teenagers , whose only pastimes are having babies and body-building .	1
I 'm doing it a funny way this time .	1
Most significantly , it incorporates a shortest path algorithm which uses the road network to find optimal routes between user-defined start and end nodes .	0
I know we 're living longer now generally but I wonder how much	0
It is as if it is walking through a minefield .	1
factory !	0
Yes , that 's right .	1
Sentiment , loyalty , service and track record , none of these things will come into it . ’	1
His door 's just there is n't it ?	0
Their minds had not reached out to the terror of what had in fact happened .	1
Such delicacy , such refinement !	1
OVERNIGHT FILE	0
She	0
half side each or	0
He sat down and saw a bifurcated path , simmering with gold heat round and under the rising , spreading blue-black-green down-pointing vanes of a great pine , still widening where the frame interrupted its soaring .	1
In theory , validation meant that the user had read the specification , imagined how the system would work in practice , and agreed the design .	1
I 'm not sure actually .	0
I loved to go back	0
Not too bad mmm	0
She 's really funny !	0
Many other companies , of course , are supporting environmental work but IBM seems almost to be unique in its corporate commitment to use of high technology for facilitating ‘ sustainable development ’ .	0
Oh it 's just come in , obviously yeah .	1
Their maps show clearly an increased propensity for landsliding in the north and west of the UK .	0
A pyramid administrative structure , establishing links from popular committees in villages right up to the Executive Committee of the PLO ( in its capacity as a Cabinet ) , can be established .	1
"Take time off . """	1
What day is it today ?	0
WEDNESDAY , 17 AUGUST 1966	0
John of Marmoutier 's life of Geoffrey le Bel offers a glimpse of how strong bonds were created between the prince and his followers within the household , and how a high level of training was maintained at all times .	1
From circuit theory formula] , where R is the resistance of the material .	1
It 'll be a sorry day if they get in .	1
It 's alright do n't worry about it .	1
She took the point eagerly .	1
‘ I 'm not exaggerating .	0
Where are you going Monday ?	0
Bye Tim	0
You would ?	0
I 'm going to learn to fly .	0
No , it 's not	0
The next section therefore attempts to summarize what we do know ; it is derived chiefly from the Earth System Sciences Committee ( ESSC ) ( 1988 ) .	0
Harrison describes ( p. 369 ) the way in which the inner urban powder-keg leads to a vicious circle , with many victims , but few individual villains :	1
Benzaminia is the frontier town it 's in	0
The British government carried out a review of its arrangements for handling nuclear accidents overseas following the Chernobyl accident .	0
come on Stephan its	1
Popping up to Christies and just after you go up the top .	0
What a sad sack we are today .	1
tell Gerald that	1
‘ Someone from the village , you said , ’ Lewis persisted .	0
There have been two attempts to reduce human resources to this form of measurement ( Giles and Robinson , 1972 ) .	1
Sorge had asked him on the way out of Washington .	0
If everything was uniform then the beam diameter would go on decreasing .	1
I thought she was going to be meeting him next weekend then ?	0
Anything from about thirty five to forty five .	1
Come on Tim please move	1
That 's right , yeah .	1
She laughed with him .	0
Probably , fucking tell by , cos there was I thought	0
Is that is that	1
Look one , one nine is nine	0
Whatever the justifications for introducing this policy , it serves to underline the fact that sentencing in murder cases is enacted without each case being considered individually , after hearing representations from the offender 's counsel , and without a sentence announced in court and subject to appeal .	1
How you getting on ?	1
‘ Of course . ’	0
Well won yesterday	0
Oh seriously .	0
London 's leading pair , as if piqued by this , turned 30 September into the longest afternoon .	1
Four is twenty !	0
One never quite knew what he was going to say next .	0
59 A ‘ prefern ’ , Archaeopteris hibernica , Devonian , Kilkenny , Ireland .	0
Such data are crucial , either for assisting the emergency services to make assessments about resources they need to deploy in such events , or for high-quality estimates to be made of risk .	1
The doctors point out in the British Medical Journal that , though crack dependency is not a direct risk factor for Aids , prostitutes ‘ trying to maintain expensive crack habits may be tempted into unsafe sex practices … which in turn may lead to an increase in the spread of Aids ’ .	1
This non-punitive paradigm will provide a framework for contrasting the efficacy of current practice with future plans inappropriately to transform probation work into ‘ a new approach to punishment in the community ’ ( p. 18 , para. 4.3 ) .	1
He liked these .	1
Bye watch out .	0
‘ I do n't know yet .	0
Thus , wherever one looks , one finds people engaged in the construction of the blocks that will make up the Palestinian state .	1
Law Report .	0
Finally the checklist may have reprographic limitations such as inadequate vertical or horizontal structure , poor typefaces and insufficient linking of requirements , descriptions , remarks and tick-off points .	1
For example , earthquake fault zones can be combined with data on housing density and structural details to predict earthquake damage levels and these data then related to the network model .	0
The problem arises in connection with section 99 which adapts or applies the provisions to cases where an individual rather than the local authority wishes to make the complaint .	1
Section 22 of the 1979 Estate Agents Act dealing with bonding , licensing and standards of competency has not been brought in .	1
Adam did not want at this point to speculate , it made hi– feel sick .	1
Sweetman turned and pretended to notice the sports-fishing boat for the first time .	0
But she stressed there would be no let-up in the search for greater efficiency .	1
I will take an example where all the methods can be used , and where all point in the same direction , so that the answer is probably correct .	1
Yeah , she 's only coming up for six weeks , mm , a monster .	1
He was certainly into canals in a big way .	1
how did it get there ?	0
‘ How can I remember that far back ? ’	1
I mean , not all our customers are absolutely stupid .	0
Derby	0
Go away you !	0
This included deciding between day care or school , and parents ' attitudes to different options .	1
We shall also see the existence of binding requirements upon national governments — certainly in the European Community — to collect at least basic environmental indicators in a harmonized form ( CEC 1990b ) .	0
To confirm .	0
‘ I do n't want to go back to Mrs Gutermann 's .	0
probably is wardrobes there .	0
If you go now there 'll be nobody there !	0
‘ I guess we 're both losers , Mark . ’	0
all them shops !	1
Cos she was would she ? cake	0
Who 's coming to see you today ?	0
Oh , lay me down , just lay me down . ’	0
Ah that was n't her fault .	0
John Mantley is cautious .	0
How do I stop this bloody nonsense ? ’	1
Mr Livingstone called for cuts in defence spending .	1
Dear oh dear .	0
Bonar Law then sent for …	0
In the present case , however , we do have some freedom of choice .	1
The UK ESRC supported the work of the South East Regional Research Laboratory in Birkbeck College , University of London , from which this review has grown .	0
At the local scale , it is usually impossible to neglect the effects of multiple processes operating .	0
We 're here again !	0
This means feedback is obtained early in the development process , and the system can grow around the user 's requirements .	1
Sir : If Labour is to suggest the setting up of a specialist labour court ( 30 September ) , then such a momentous change in the industrial relations system deserves more discussion , and needs to be taken out of the hot-house of Labour Party conference politics .	1
He once bought me a Louis Vuitton handbag .	0
Yeah in London or in Brussels or ?	0
Hold me a little bit .	1
Mum .	0
Oh whereabouts ?	0
Some of the treatments have dramatic side-effects .	1
Are you ?	0
PAGE wom	0
This is clearly an important issue in radiation monitoring as the discussion of RIMNET above implies .	1
No , you ca n't understand how these things happen .	1
His score for the film Louisiana Story was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1948 .	1
So what made you want to move down here ?	1
‘ Clare . ’	0
It 's nice is n't it ?	0
El is beautiful	0
Er	0
Given this , determining the nature of the interactions between the variables becomes a matter of major difficulty .	0
‘ I want to see a health service at ease with itself — optimistic and confident about its essential work .	1
Yeah not bad for trainers as well i n't they ?	0
Must be some narky bastards in the rugby club !	1
And well lots of people go and have blood pressure taken , they find it 's high , and they	1
Other features of its shape are consistent with this .	1
I 've had enough	1
At a time when the Home Secretary is inviting the Probation Service to ‘ move centre stage in the Criminal Justice System ’ ( NACRO , 1990 , p. 17 ) it may seem misguided and unnecessarily pedantic to take issue with the White Paper 's notion of punishment .	1
So I said send me a cheque and I 'll go and shop .	0
Workers from the integrated playscheme subsequently supported a local special school in integrating under fives into a playgroup .	1
But the concern with overcoming political marginality remained on the sidelines of the main public debate because it questioned the perception of the rioters as driven by irrational , uncivilized , and criminal instincts .	1
To meet these objectives the AEC has a structured programme involving group and individual contact , that is , six group sessions sandwiched between one-to-one interviews held immediately before and after the group .	1
It was Grizel Huntley 's own view that her brother had not been fooled at all but had been charmed and diverted by a dashing girl thirty years his junior , and had seen no reason at all why she should not have a share of his considerable estate when that left a very decent down-setting for his niece as well .	1
Well we had , we had it two weeks ago	0
Aggreko generator hire , Salvesen 's world market leader which provides power for customers from pop concerts to the oil industry , contributed strongly to a 37 per cent growth in trading profits in the industrial services division .	1
It has been suggested that an animal of the size of Brachiosaurus could not have breathed under water because of the pressure on the lungs .	0
It Saturday 's	0
Yeah you can talk and	0
One area of recent debate concerns radon gas and its links to lung cancer .	0
ould rather stay here	0
bye , bye daddy	0
Questions on data availability are likely to be particularly important where users are heavily dependent on secondary sources .	1
Noting further that J.S = I and that I must be constant along the wire we may write eqn ( 3.15 ) in the modified form formula , whence the magnetic field strength is formula .	1
Now , it would appear from this article , that this ideal is shattered and a two-tiered Europe is on the cards .	1
This was conveniently encapsulated in the first try .	1
Do n't get it .	1
MONDAY , 15 AUGUST 1966	0
It was possible they might be waiting for him .	0
As for the private sector , while BT may be happy to provide pump priming for five telecottages in the north of Scotland , it is not about to bankroll a nationwide network .	1
Aspects of these measures are considered further on in the chapter .	1
What have you got ?	0
Thus no meteorologist would attempt to forecast the weather 2 or 3 days ahead without using a mathematical model based on observations from all around the world .	0
The Government 's record on unemployment was a heavily politicized issue , and just as in 1981 it vehemently denied any responsibility for the riots through its pursuit of free-market policies .	1
It is not worth discussing any of these complications because one is rarely called upon to work out lines of current in a conductor .	1
Stephan help yourself .	0
Thanks are due to Tina Buckle and Jonathan Raper for remastering the diagrams .	0
Like most of the other contributors to this section , Gatrell and Vincent see decision support systems as a major area for future development in the geographic information management field .	0
The scientists hope to raise £100,000 through an appeal by Windsor Safari Park .	1
‘ It 's marked personal . ’	0
‘ I had a boyfriend in High School .	1
Well that 's right .	1
This is done by a series of juxtapositions ; the past versus the present ; female nature versus masculine technology ; growth versus exploitation ; and in its very material presence , the traditions of fine art versus the popular .	1
nought point ten and going up point two of a second , that is fast !	1
‘ How many passengers ? ’	0
PERSPECTIVES ON THE 1985 RIOTS	1
The two men rose from the table together .	0
Lavenham and Long Melford , for example , have no telegraph poles , to preserve the timeless air that pervades them .	1
The findings of the analysis are summarized in two sets of research questions for all applications fields .	0
It does n't matter what ?	0
military service	0
It 's down there .	1
"Do you remember ? """	0
In a culture where sexual metaphors are frequently used to convey racial and political conflict , the Tehuana represents that aspect of Mexico 's indigenous tradition unbowed by centuries of colonial and male rule .	1
Savannah animals differ from those of tropical rain forests , and these again from inhabitants of the tundra at high latitudes .	1
bit sort of dark	1
Documenting and predicting global change ;	0
As he was leaving he turned around and threw a small box on to the bed .	0
In short …	0
We believe they 're still in New Orleans . ’	0
so I ordered a so many	0
Occasionally , in the onrush of pursuit , he gave commitments that were later regretted , but these were a small price to pay .	1
The shares rose 10p to 170p .	1
I wonder if Hopa will get out of that ?	1
In the UK ( see Petts 1988 for a splendid overview ) the Health and Safety Executive must be notified of sites where hazardous substances in excess of threshold limits are handled .	0
But er Jean not a .	0
It 's the bigger	0
In societal risk assessment ‘ it is also necessary to input data on the distribution of population around the installation .	0
Campbell 's hard-working side are still trying to sort out their system , which involves a spare defender and , as far as one can see , a good deal of improvisation .	1
Like the heckler , he was a Liberal .	0
‘ We are going to leave on Sunday , ’ Mrs Carson went on .	1
Therefore it was Adam 's duty to come home and face the music , even though this might be no more than a short blast on a tin whistle .	1
Oh right yeah well I was so worn out	1
Hmm ?	0
Partial and full strikes , demonstrations , sit-ins , conventions … all these have in fact only constituted the outer layer of an inner mechanism of civilian rebellion .	1
‘ I know it sounds crazy , Mark , ’ Muldoon said .	0
Many American jurisdictions have three degrees of murder — first-degree murder , requiring premeditation , and second- and third-degree murder , covering lesser shades of culpability .	1
‘ We have every sympathy with those who have made substantial underwriting losses in recent years but Lloyd 's owes its first duty to policyholders with valid claims which must be met , ’ he said .	1
THE INTIFADA is a people 's unarmed revolution against occupation .	1
But you do now , darling , and I do wish you would n't .	0
‘ You are being silly about this , Penny .	1
all the downstairs , I mean all the plebs were upstairs all the downstairs was erm	0
‘ For God 's sake leave your mask on .	0
Only once had he returned after they all left and that had been bad enough , like a dream — no , like stepping into the set and scenario of some frightening film , a Hitchcock movie perhaps .	1
Those were the facts , as far as he knew them up to this moment .	1
It is not without interest to note that in the USA there is a Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , established in 1978 , charged with dealing with all types of emergency planning and management .	0
The bane of Sylvie 's life was the pigeon droppings that littered the windowsill and had to be cleaned up daily .	0
There it went again .	0
Particular attention should be focused on hospital incinerators , since these have been subject to Crown immunity for many years and most are technically ill-equipped to burn at sufficiently high temperatures for adequate disposal of wastes ( Gatrell and Lovett 1991 ) .	0
Through it , Palestinians are struggling on a daily basis to shake off Israel 's authority and to construct their own .	1
The Government will also encourage more family doctors to hold budgets to ‘ buy ’ services for patients , and is looking at ways to enable smaller practices to team up to secure the advantages of fund holding .	1
Mr Livingstone said he was against pacts , but 10 years of Thatcherism had demonstrated the dangers of giving power to elites .	1
The mandatory penalty does indeed serve to mark out murder from other crimes , but whether the definition of murder is sufficiently refined to capture the worst killings , and only the worst killings , remains to be discussed below .	1
Action is initiated by the service of an abatement notice requiring remedial work .	1
We can only consider a small fraction of this work here ; little consideration is given to occupational environments , for instance .	0
I can do it , how can you tell the difference ?	0
A summary of current activities and future plans is given in NASA ( 1988b ) .	0
He 's er he could do without this then !	1
Towards the end of 1986 an AEC was launched and has been running ever since .	1
She tried to sound nonchalant .	0
He smoothly changed the subject to the looks of the blond model , three tables away , and Barton agreed he would n't mind a bit of that ; on the thin side , mind you , but tasty .	1
Has the election campaign penetrated its grim streets ?	1
Adam got down from Goblander and said ,	0
Get your blood going .	1
Who come to see you ?	0
Are you going to work ?	0
It would also be necessary ‘ to smash the decrepit , effete constitution that allows a minority to capture power , and then use it ruthlessly in the interests of the privileged few ’ .	1
Adam had asked .	0
Go and play !	0
Do n't know what she was looking at .	0
Ten years …	0
Oh probably , probably .	0
It changed hands recently and is now run by Stephen and Janet Errington .	1
The magnetic field may be obtained from Ampère 's law ( eqn ( 3.21 ) ) as follows formula , where the line integral is taken over the circle of radius a ( Fig. 3.2 ) , I is the total current of the beam and formula is the azimuthal component of the magnetic field in the cylindrical coordinate system specified by formula] .	1
‘ Nordhausen .	0
There are signs that this imbalance is being rectified ( Zeigler et al. 1983 ) .	0
Bloody .	0
I 'm just writing the answers out for you !	0
Give it back to Stephanie nicely !	0
Teach us what age are they ?	0
The ‘ Human Resource ’ concept of man-power as the central profit­generating asset of any organisation has made some progress over the past twenty years .	1
Yes my okay .	0
In three other areas , as much political as organizational , advances were made towards the management of the press , the coordination of the heterogeneous collection that made up the party , and the fostering of modern attitudes in the local parties .	1
Was n't overweight , what more	0
Other data sources on cancers are independent registries of malignancies .	1
The ‘ fuzzy ’ nature of much geographically distributed data , the inherent errors in it , the effects of the processing algorithms used and the assumption of known interactions between variables ensures that completely routine use by unskilled users is unlikely to be possible in the foreseeable future ;	0
Can do you it , can you ?	0
She wants to take over	0
Art , cash , in every form possible .	1
Nor has there been any discussion of the growing requirement in the UK ( as elsewhere ) to carry out an environmental impact assessment for all major developments .	0
By ANGELA LAMBERT	0
‘ I 'm sorry .	0
The database was created by a commercial company , Aspinwalls Ltd .	0
Peckishness and lust , perhaps ?	0
Good Lord ! it did make an impression on me , reading the letters of those men .	1
Rosie and Jim mm	0
It is envisaged that the totality of activities will extend the existing State of the European Environment report ( CEC 1988 ) through addressing the issues of the quality and sensitivity of the environment and also the pressures upon it .	0
Following Holling ( 1978 ) and Grossman ( 1983 ) , they conceptualized the man/environment relationship at a series of hierarchical levels :	0
His smooth brown hair was as thick as ever but shot now with needles of glittering silver .	1
There the similarity ends , since judging from his writings Bagehot was a roaring snob , whereas judging from his heckles the heckler was not .	1
‘ Very understanding .	0
Are they near the box ?	0
Predictive models of its distribution have clear implications for road and air safety .	0
PLAYING THIS WEEK TONIGHT Bop Brothers Blues Band The plethora of litigation surrounding Blues Brothers lookalikes almost matches that attached to the release of Wired , the unofficial biography of the original brother , John Belushi .	1
He would be the one Rostov had warned him to be wary of .	0
It would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by Israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local Palestinians .	1
‘ She was all swollen . ’	0
Er carrots are fifteen pence a pound but the potatoes they 're different .	0
It was going to be a good night , in spite of the fact that it was August and a Wednesday .	0
East Anglia is exceptionally rich in churches and cathedrals .	1
They have also aroused Protestant anger against Dr Runcie , at the same time as he has become involved in a row over his attack on the ‘ Pharisees ’ of British society .	1
Other organizations could not be absorbed but could still be brought within the Central Office orbit .	1
A sound .	0
A programme of speakers for a general election was also ready by 1913 , with both constituencies and politicians told in advance what they might expect .	1
Padded leisure shirts five ninety nine and I read the bloody thing out yesterday .	0
Yes it 's quite large as well is n't it ?	0
That , I ordered that one .	1
Mummy .	0
The Conservative manifesto contained a commitment to increase , year by year , the level of ‘ real resources ’ committed to the NHS — though it put no figure on the extra money to be allocated .	1
Midwife at the birth of a state .	1
Party organisers want the conference to show that the party is united as never before , leaving Mr Kinnock free for the first time to sell the policy package to voters without worrying about splits .	1
Georgina took him in her arms and kissed him on the lips .	0
You just park in the road or ?	0
During the 1985 riots and their immediate aftermath , the imagery of ‘ race ’ was used by sections of the press without the sense of ambiguity which could still be found in 1980–1 .	1
If the person in default fails to comply with an abatement notice the local authority is obliged to make a complaint to the magistrates .	1
Why did they take it a stage further with him ?	1
Yeah cos you made the breakfast .	0
Terrible !	0
Gilda laughed .	0
Instead Liverpool stayed top without kicking a ball .	1
‘ Who cares ?	0
Why , what 's wrong ?	0
Few areas of the application of GIS technology can be as socially significant , or environmentally relevant , as the management of emergencies and disasters due to natural and technological hazards .	0
Who 's the letter from ? ’	0
for example , very few senior managements take the trouble to keep workers fully informed about policies and likely changes .	1
Oh did he ?	0
They have English instructors .	1
Ellen looked around the oddly painted powerboat .	0
‘ More .	0
Or would a simple injection of resources transform Kafkaesque honeycombs into happy living-spaces , with a consequent decline in inner-city ills ?	1
The the fridge is a bit	0
What a coincidence !	0
he 'd realized that it was my birthday , and , what did I want ?	0
Is the guy with this ?	0
6 cm long .	0
Environmental monitoring and prediction	0
Forster reached for his mask , just as the hissing gas noise sounded right on top of him , ending with a little shriek .	1
Such investments had a double purpose , for they could bring in income and provide a political bonus .	1
and it does mean that they can relax you know about work and everything	1
He looked at her in surprise , spoke brusquely .	1
Crap !	1
I 'm amazed they have n't	0
The first took place in the midst of the July 1981 riots , and had as its theme : ‘ Civil Disturbances ’ .	1
I expect you need a chap you know well , someone you feel comfortable with , not these one-nighters . ’	1
Tel : 01-821 1123 .	0
Grizel Huntley looked across at her , shocked .	1
AN ESCALATION of the Intifada in this direction would serve two purposes at once .	1
The All Blacks would treat such an outmoded approach with the scorn it deserves , although on the other hand they might have been impressed with Bridgend 's contrasting mobility and aggression .	1
What we choose to call this event depends upon factors such as its magnitude : we speak for instance of accidents , emergencies , disasters and catastrophes , each of which carries connotations concerning the scale of the event and each of which will have a set of human and/or environmental consequences .	0
But what was missing before 1147 was a clear sense of who the Franks were .	1
She 's started ?	0
Big enough .	0
Only a year .	0
seem quite friendly then ?	1
And three times seven	0
‘ People like me , who 've worked their guts out to expand the business while the militant bastards have been working their guts out to destroy it . ’	1
Cook demanded .	0
That 's very clever !	1
If she finds out .	0
‘ What 's so funny ? ’ he asked pleasantly , putting the paper down .	0
Find him and see what the son of a bitch is upto . ’	1
Alright , it 's old age you know ,	0
If these are digitized and buffer zones constructed around them ( Fig. 10.3 ) we can quite easily test hypotheses about prevalence in such buffer zones as compared with prevalence outside .	0
I suppose I ought to think quarter to six	1
The simple answer is that Chelsea are in a false position and Arsenal , on this evidence , slightly jaded champions .	1
But once the user sees the potential of the system , a change in attitude takes place .	1
The standard method of producing task descriptions is to write all the separate sub-tasks at various levels on cards and then assemble the cards in a network .	1
‘ I know , Mark , I know , ’ Muldoon said .	0
He thought of thick , fat , hot motorways carving up that land .	1
Adam was on his feet at once .	0
Emilio Segre was one kid , and Bruno Pontecorvo , later to defect from Britain to the Soviet Union , another .	0
This was n't it .	1
Are you hungry Charlotte ?	0
Berke and Ruch ( 1985 ) , for example , describe a GIS for assessing the impacts of hurricanes on the Texas Gulf coast .	0
What are ?	0
But take care .	1
Moreover , as Newby ( 1990 ) has pointed out , the complexities of environmental research have created a new kind of relationship between research and policy : ‘ in the past , … the relationship was predicated on the belief that science provided decision-makers with objective ‘ hard ’ facts on which to base their soft , value-ridden policies … .	0
Homely Persian pottery of the twelfth to thirteenth century combines animal and bird images with sinuous plant motifs and marks the beginning of lustre wares ; they are mostly priced in the £500 to £1,000 range and rate high on charm .	1
Properties continued to shine as British Land produced a complicated scheme to release the value of its property portfolio .	1
‘ She 's doing a good job on sorting this Huerter thing , too .	1
They reckon if you concentrate with him you can do the same	1
Who said .	0
In the present section we shall consider a cylindrical electron beam of radius a in which the charge density is uniform ( p = Po ) and all electrons travel with velocity v.	1
In the Garden : Planning to beat a leafy retreat at home : In the first of a series for novice gardeners , Anna Pavord stresses the value of careful forethought	1
For this reason they can not cope with climates having greatly extended winters .	1
We get a custody order , and that 's it .	1
We have so far talked about positive and negative charges , about point charges , and distributed charge .	1
A third , more precise formulation derives from the recommendations of the Criminal Law Revision Committee in 1980 , namely , that a killing should be classified as murder in those situations where there is an intention to cause serious injury coupled with awareness of the risk of death .	1
In the US weekly audience ratings in 1965 , there were three westerns in the top five , and seven in the top 10 .	1
Do n't take that the wrong way .	1
What 's in here ?	0
But Ryan Blaney does n't welcome interference .	1
Catch it , one two three catch it , one two three .	0
But what do you think ?	0
Between Redditch and Birmingham .	0
Above all he restored the focus of music criticism onto the music itself .	1
A doctor does n't ask his patient what treatment to prescribe .	1
He never phoned me ! .	0
NORCROS , the property , building materials and printing group , saw profits crash from £29million to £18.3million .	1
To instil or reinforce responsible drinking attitudes and behaviour .	1
As different layers are added sequentially we see how the proportion of available land shrinks ( Pl. 10.3 ) ; for instance , when geological criteria are set in the search for a deep repository , 25 per cent of land area remains and the addition of the population density layer reduces this to 24 per cent .	0
Ah mummy !	0
CIA HQ Langley	1
Although he was fourteen years younger than Alexander , Daniel too was in the habit of thinking of himself as a survivor , a battered and grizzled survivor .	1
By 1983 residential services were designed with ‘ care in the community ’ in mind , but most were based in specialist settings .	1
The coordination of competing party bodies was carried out with surprising ease .	1
It 's alright you do n't have to , of cake .	0
‘ Including Nazi sympathizers ? ’	0
It could happen .	0
After being given clearance to land , Miranda , following her instructor 's directions , started her approach ; she throttled back to reduce speed and control her descent as she flew towards the threshold — the point just before she intended to touch down .	1
A new one ?	0
Had either of the teams won , they would have taken the League leadership .	1
It was slippy .	0
That 's alright .	1
In the last part of this contribution , Brown identifies a number of priorities for future research .	0
Britain is lagging behind .	1
I know that , but will you make it stick .	1
""" Hey — look at that — Winston Churchill painted that , the … "" — carefully — "" Cap d'Antibes . """	0
Museum of Modern Art , New York .	0
The United Nations Disaster Relief Organization ( UNDRO ) has produced a classification of disasters , derived on the basis of case data ( Table 10.1 ) .	0
I knew you wanted to see how far you could go . ’	1
Oh oh !	0
There is a necessary compromise which can only be arrived at in the context of a particular system .	1
Daddy .	0
Oh she was in bed all the time .	0
Much of the subsequent controversy about this analysis centred on the question of youth unemployment .	1
somehow !	0
Or	0
Each of these groups came up with a list of proposals which were sent to everyone attending .	1
B AGEHOT 'S phrase comes in a passage in which he appears to propound the dispiriting theory that a politician , if he wants to get anywhere , must appeal to ‘ the average man ’ .	1
In the early 1940s and 1950s , the belief was widely held that a combination of government intervention — in the form of town planning , housing and health programmes , and the provision of social security — and permanent male full employment , together with an increase in real wages , would reduce suffering due to poverty to manageable proportions .	1
But on the other hand they 're making a little bit at a pound a pint .	1
Ulster , the provincial champions , may well fancy their chances on November 21 , but Leinster look certain to face an uphill struggle even though the tourists have rested 13 of the team that beat Wales .	1
Well he 's better than Stuart !	0
Well you 're not to	0
In 1936 , three years before Aaron Copland , Thomson started writing film scores which were a model of unobtrusive clarity and pertinence , combining American materials to suit documentaries such as The Plow that Broke the Plains and The River with the musique d'ameublement approach of Satie .	1
Well look at the old lady that walks past here at ninety one !	1
This was unlike him .	1
It 's a foolish fucking !	0
‘ OK , tough guy .	1
5	0
at all .	0
We 've got , we 've still not got it yet !	0
Did you try it did you ?	0
‘ Like Jamie here . ’	0
Their tense , edgy faces watched Delaney closely .	1
it	0
By MICHAEL PYE	0
She did so , casting an experienced eye over him .	1
The back row were swifter to the loose ball , had a clearer idea of what to do with it when they got there , and their impressive half-backs were given every opportunity — which they eagerly took — to control the game .	1
Granddad	0
Ooh .	0
Rowing was transformed in the breadth and depth of participation over the 30 years of his term .	1
Try to quench your thirst with a light , fresh white and you will drink enough to put you on your back .	1
‘ And Goodenache 's running from the Russians .	1
Sorge enjoyed his reply .	0
There are important analytical problems to be addressed concerning the siting of such monitoring equipment and these are elaborated on later .	0
Mooneyhan ( 1988 ) has described the progress of the pilot stage of GRID which culminated in approval for a full operational phase ; GRID is now involved in integrating , storing and exploiting a variety of global environmental databases , mostly acquired from NASA .	0
Crafty little sod she is !	1
Penelope glared at her , turning an ungraceful scarlet , but Mrs Huntley held her ground .	1
Susanne MacGregor and Ben Pimlott	0
Local MD perhaps ? ’	0
Many of the new arrivals , who waited in the street outside the embassy , said they were convinced there would be another train for them .	0
‘ I 'm not staying , ’ he said .	0
‘ I 'll see to that .	1
now then .	0
Elle Magazine , May 1989 , p. 28 .	0
Elinor peered at the photograph of the new owner , a motor-racing hero , standing with her sister-in-law , Marjorie .	0
It would do .	1
Well I ca n't now it 's too late .	0
I can not read .	0
You had heroes scotch-taped to their horses and lightly sprinkled with dust .	1
But friends means such a lot do n't they , at that age ?	1
We 'll eat your dinner for you .	0
Yeah , I 've got one .	0
They saw Daniel advancing .	0
This chapter is an account of the way they perceived attempts to develop integrated provision for under fives and the barriers in attitudes and systems which were encountered .	1
With that characteristically strong statement , he puts his finger on the secret of the Ahlbergs ' phenomenal success with adults and children alike .	1
Mm mm !	0
And he was being silly .	0
It 's the one right bang on the main road ?	0
A slip .	1
You see they 've got a short concentration .	1
Mr Kinnock intends to reinforce his conviction that Labour is in a position to win in his keynote speech tomorrow .	1
And they Hopa yet , for Germany .	0
But the relation is complex , not uni-directional .	1
No it is n't granddad .	0
‘ They come and go , so it pays to deal with a member of a professional body , such as the NAEA , the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors or the Incorporated Society of Valuers and Auctioneers .	1
He seemed uneasy .	0
‘ Lure it into a trap , somehow .	1
Get that hat .	1
Turner ( 1990 ) argued that the priorities are as follows :	0
At their peak in the mid-60s , there were 39 western series on the three American TV networks — almost two a day on each channel .	1
Nature has been banished , technology and its concomitant values reign over a harshly masculine world .	1
Images of ‘ urban decay ’ , ‘ tinderbox cities ’ , and ‘ ghetto streets ’ linked up with the images of ‘ race inequality ’ and ‘ black ghettos ’ to produce an analysis more complex but also more contradictory .	1
Buzz opened the letter and read it .	0
An hour maybe and you are making contingency plans .	1
In those paintings where Kahlo wears European dress she is passive , weak and unable to control her own destiny , but in the Tehuana costume she is strong , powerful , hopeful .	1
Mm a trial !	0
‘ Westerns have a gladiatorial , timeless quality .	1
Come on !	1
Yeah about twenty .	1
55 Leaves of the enigmatic plant , Glossopteris linearis , Permian .	0
Less happily , but for the same reason , repossessed houses are often auctioned .	0
Or his nature and luck had complied for him .	1
They say there were blank sheets bearing Dali 's signature alongside 20,000 fake Miros and 650 fake Chagalls .	1
His plans in ruins , he is now reduced , Micawber-like , to hoping something will turn up before his players face the All Blacks in five short weeks .	1
The offer from the Anglo-Swedish consortium formed by Tiphook and Stena AB is the subject of an appeal in the Bermudan courts which is aimed at overturning an earlier ruling allowing SeaCo to proceed with its ‘ poison pill ’ defence .	1
If the ‘ greenness ’ of going unleaded still seems a bit of a grey area , it is possible to switch to diesel without a shadow of environmental doubt .	1
Abroad , Kaspar ( 1981 ) has discussed a computer-based exercise , with GIS overtones , involving the simulated evacuation of the population living in the vicinity of the Neckarwestheim nuclear power plant in Baden Württemberg .	0
And erm	0
The punitive approach anticipated for the Probation Service in the White Paper is underpinned by a definition of punishment that resides ‘ in the restrictions on liberty and in the enforcement of the orders ’ .	1
I 've told you what to do .	0
Just see them ca n't you ?	0
drawers have n't you ?	0
He had trouble finding an appropriate language for the painter 's obsession with the illuminated material world .	1
THIS expanded network of popular committees and institutions making up the Unified leadership is infused by tens of thousands of activists who belong to , or identify with , the different factions of the PLO .	1
Mark 's promotions and progress up the company ladder .	1
Manly and rather touching .	1
And quickly .	0
back ?	1
What when the property market picks up ?	1
And that can work to your favour because if ever you have a problem , then you know .	1
Advocates of the first-past-the-post system argued that it was the only way of delivering strong government , Mr Cook said .	1
This assumes that nature only manufactures efficient designs .	1
The boat 's wrap-around windscreens were made of black polarised glass which only added to Dream Baby 's ugly air of menace .	1
He did n't know what Lewis meant about someone looking after the house but no doubt he , Adam , had at the time concocted some tale to keep his father quiet , to keep him away even .	1
GIS work in this field ( e.g. Matthews 1989 ) is reviewed later , but we note here the work of the applied geochemistry group at Imperial College ( responsible for a series of atlases on regional geochemistry ) and the existence of a Society for Environmental Geochemistry and Health .	0
The basis of recovery was then Law 's fighting capacities as leader .	1
Anything goes fast after Friday .	1
54 Fossil bark of the lycopod tree , Sigillaria laevigata , Carboniferous .	0
Oh yes , yes .	0
Instead the AEC can best be understood as an example of a non-punitive paradigm of probation practice .	0
quite easily .	0
This led to the evacuation of 250 000 people which , although staggered over several days , led to great pressure on transport arteries .	0
Go on then !	1
It is premature , then , to say that the western has galloped back to centre screen .	1
While Kahlo 's art helped her to deal with the vicissitudes of her life , for most audiences it is her life story which allows access to her art .	1
Oh not Uncle Brian , no no no .	0
We are spending £4 billion on cleansing the Mersey Basin alone , and the Thames now has the cleanest metropolitan estuary in the world .	0
This clever name , with its neat evocation of new and old , describes a concept which was developed in Sweden and is spreading to rural areas across the world .	1
It comes under the hammer at 2.15pm on the 20th , at the Barnstaple Motel .	1
What about the pub ?	1
lost it all !	1
For practical purposes , the culpable causing of another person 's death may fairly be regarded as the most serious offence in the criminal calendar .	1
While the entire network of popular committees , local institutions and the general public constitute the field commanders in the battle of civilian disobedience and of constructing a political infrastructure , a rotating Unified National Command acts in the role of field-general , issuing a bi-monthly directive outlining policy and determining specific resistance programmes .	1
Well chicken .	0
In the past we have had cup walks , not runs . ’	1
The most striking feature of this package , apart from its aim actively to involve employers and entrepreneurs , is a sharp reduction in the role of local government .	1
That 's what I do n't get .	1
There are many things to think about before even the first tentative daffodil bulb is sunk into the ground .	1
""" Hippie , "" said Daniel ."	0
Another question is whether the criminal law ought not to be wider in its application to activities which carry some risk of causing death than in other spheres .	1
With a 4GL an initial prototype can be put together quickly .	1
First , a comprehensive civil disobedience campaign was begun by which people severed , or minimised , all the contact points by which they were bound to the Israeli occupation authority .	1
piddling little chicken	1
Yeah it well I , come on !	1
He regards the charges as unfounded .	1
Do you want a whole ?	0
for the third or fourth time !	0
Sorry .	0
"In his characteristic phrase , "" I am their leader , I must follow them "" — but he determined to follow them from the front ."	1
‘ Must be getting too old for this globe-trotting lark , or else my mis-spent youth is catching up on me .	1
Delaney 's voice was hushed .	0
They had a bit of bad luck they reckon it was	1
There are Phil	0
General Election : N Trotter ( C ) 25,113 , P Cosgrove ( Lab ) 22,530 , D Mayhew ( L/All ) 10,446 .	0
They go to Stratford .	0
Why drag her into my problems ?	1
Well we did n't run out , we run out of but there was quite a few outside in the	1
You have n't been out .	0
She says the Colonel 's taken up petit point , and Miss Hawkins is teaching him .	0
Second , it would ensure that workers enjoyed positive rights under law and reduce the emphasis of union immunities .	1
‘ Good God , Wyvis Hall , as I live and breathe . ’	0
Chelsea might have won had the ball not kept turning into a Mexican bean at Kerry Dixon 's feet .	1
But we were n't educated in , in , in health though .	1
You told us this !	1
You mean aye ?	0
No no no no Tim .	0
Off you go Jess , go and be fed .	0
Worse , far worse was to follow .	1
However , this is offset by the demands that are made on spatial analysis and modelling methodology .	1
Turnout at the last election was around 50 per cent , and with the thinning of the electoral roll brought by the poll tax , will be even lower this time .	1
In practice this means that the positive ions are part of the crystal lattice .	1
In Dublin , I think she said .	0
JOHN SMITH , the shadow Chancellor , yesterday set the overriding tone for this week 's Labour Party conference with a warning that he would impose tough spending controls if Labour won the next election .	1
I 've seen the photographs .	0
They probably got Hitler stashed away too . ’	1
Write six through it .	0
‘ And me ? ’	0
This is not merely because of its topical nature .	0
Go and do it with your dolly , go on !	1
Nell ran to the wall telephone , and pushed the digit for engine room .	0
the side is for parking .	0
An air crash ( as at Lockerbie ) affects an entire community directly , as well as being an occupational hazard and risk to the individual traveller .	0
There is a new phone box , ripped from the wall and lying on the floor of her office to prove it .	0
A second approach is to frame the law in such a way as to make it clear that the court should make a moral judgment on the gravity of the defendant 's conduct .	1
Do n't be naughty .	0
By the end of 1988 gamma radiation dose monitors had been installed at 46 meteorological stations as part of phase 1 of the development programme .	0
One thing always linked to another thing .	1
I mean , I think , I , I think the Empire legally is well I thought it was nine hundred	0
I put them	0
I hate being sick and one thing another well , it turned out	1
It 's a hoover day today Tim	0
Mike , his face alert and wary , lit a cigarette .	1
Write it out on a piece of paper and you 'll and I 'll write them down .	0
The White Paper drew on studies conducted earlier in the decade in Liverpool , Birmingham , and London which pointed to a debilitating flight of capital and skilled labour from the critical areas of deprivation .	1
Well I 've got to know , cos sort of adult as well , I mean you included as I mean it 's to put	0
They all thought they 'd got the dreaded C , poor things .	1
Another way in which there needs to be a rapprochement between statistical methods and GIS is in the area of spatial sampling and estimation from spatial samples .	1
He even persuaded 12 European powers to turn cottages into full embassies .	1
next Saturday ?	1
Valentine 's Day brought two happy events .	1
they get permission then ?	1
Well you just go to the front entrance	0
‘ I never see how they get the sales per square foot in these places , ’ Barton observed , without further greeting .	1
At least 60 million people died of diarrhoeal diseases caused by malnutrition and dirty water .	0
So in 1911 Steel-Maitland offered to join the Halsbury Club in order to guide it on to safer lines — and was immediately accused of disloyalty by Walter Long .	1
Instead , it is concerned with the establishment of rules .	1
I had the pleasure of two long talks last year with Professor Amaldi about his knowledge of what the German physicists were doing with their atoms during the war years .	1
You love them really do n't you ?	0
But Rufus admitted to himself that the beauties of nature and architecture had never meant much to him .	1
And actors can no longer ride .	0
‘ Maybe not , but he soon will , ’ Muldoon replied quietly .	0
In the inert 1950s the western represented a troubled , adventurous American past .	1
Cooker point .	1
Thank you very much indeed for showing us your home .	0
The type of natural disaster determines the time period within which the road network has to be evacuated .	0
The doorbell sounded .	0
Oh , hello !	0
If you start writing down some of the responses to that question , you will find you have along the way acquired a ragbag of elements that will have an important bearing on the design .	1
Then came the passage , which appeared on the television news that evening and in the papers the next day , about the Liberal Democrats being the Trojan horse that would let Labour in .	1
How long is it for ?	0
However , the Pope 's account of the role of the papacy went a great deal farther than that : Christian unity , he said , must be founded on the faith in Christ that was handed on by the Apostles ; what this faith is must be determined by the Roman Catholic Church .	1
Two other potential sources of data are worth mentioning .	1
Law conceived of the role of the leader in an exactly opposite sense from Balfour : he sought to foster unity by placing himself at the head of the discordant elements where Balfour had thrown the leadership on the side of restraint .	1
Go on Saturday	1
Even wait outside .	0
Hello sweetheart !	0
The patient can explain only what the problem is .	1
This made the survey difficult to interpret .	1
Hang on .	1
But last Saturday Major climbed on to that soapbox in Luton .	1
Last week he promised to supply us with a written explanation of the way his company had treated Debbie , but it never arrived .	1
There are many continuities between 1980–1 and 1985 in relation to the common-sense images used in the press and television to cover the events .	1
It has now been copied into INGRES , a relational database management system , permitting queries to be made about subsets of the data ; for instance , all males between the ages of 25 and 64 suffering from laryngeal cancer .	1
You got cake as well then ?	0
by the lakeside you know , it 's like a big	0
It is justified if the head of government is challenging something powerful .	1
I 'm saying nothing !	0
Ah shit on my foot !	0
Is that right ?	1
No Pete !	0
There 's lots of noises , lots of electrical things .	0
‘ But there must be changes .	0
She went home in tears at the weekend .	1
Nell shuddered .	0
Against what ?	1
But another selector confided the truth that Wales should be giving club opposition a hammering — and at half-time , building on their win over Newbridge , it looked as if they would .	1
The same thing happened in 1984 when the province was denied a fixture against the Wallabies .	1
‘ Not if I can help it .	0
He successfully defended rowing as an Olympic sport and in 1976 introduced women 's events , which have now expanded to six classes .	1
Extension really of Manchester in a way , north Wales .	1
Can we do that ?	1
Clare felt cheered to be back among like-minded people , doing something worth while .	1
It was now light , the lamps on the gangway giving murky yellow pools that barely pushed back the inky blackness of a starless night .	1
‘ If Clem can make it , that is .	1
Stop pulling her hair !	0
""" Oh hell , "" she said ."	0
No thanks	0
Yeah I thought you would .	0
The GIS is menu-based and is exceptionally user-friendly ( Pl. 10.1 ) .	0
Ah !	0
Law personally conducted the negotiations with Gardner Sinclair over the sale of the Observer and the Pall Mall Gazette in 1914 ; this negotiation also demonstrates that , as well as producing information and nursing editors , the party had to work hard to keep some of the newspapers in business .	1
Yep !	0
Anything with even a modest smack of hops dries the palate ready for the next one .	1
Lewis said nothing .	0
I 'll check .	0
Yeah add three .	1
When we 've got an economic mess , the first duty of a government is to clear up the economic mess .	1
How many am I losing ?	0
Another mouth to feed .	0
But is it still ?	0
Or on him .	1
‘ I 'm not leaving here until we 've done for that bastard .	1
Although destroyed , she has also escaped .	0
You 're not in a rush .	1
The TV western seemed to fade into the sunset some time in the mid-1970s , victim of a narcissistic age that preferred to look at prosperous , smart-alecky or violent images of itself ( Dallas , Cheers , Miami Vice ) .	1
Where this is high it suggests that an additional sampling station might be set up .	1
‘ Ten and a half , ’ said his wife .	0
The blue button 's okay .	0
I have n't finished thirty three	0
I see !	1
Erm I 'd like to see whoever wins this .	1
Well you should take his glass and	0
Champion of the breed at Crufts last year .	1
Additional algorithms are used to model total building damage costs for each grid cell based on water-depth and speed-depth rating curves .	0
Ah , and you want want to get dad out of here	0
She recalled a promise made by Mr Major when he became Prime Minister : that he would work for a nation at ease with itself .	1
The first four chapters in this part examine issues relating to geographic information handling in terms of four potential applications fields .	1
Well , she 's a totally snowed under	1
None of these requires anything even approaching a thirst .	1
A less direct measure which is applicable only to the most senior management is to observe the fall or rise of the share price when a particular executive leaves or joins a company .	1
The party was indeed handed over to Birmingham .	1
‘ Not back ?	1
The statesman to whom he was referring was Peel .	1
What was he going to tell Anne ?	0
Just a wee bit .	1
If the approach was that way he would get no warning at all , and it would be on top of George — his name for the dummy sitting like a drunken son-of-a-bitch — before he knew it .	1
There is a poignant irony in the way clothing , which on one level served to hide Kahlo 's broken body , falls or is lifted by the model to reveal a luxuriantly perfect physique ( Fig. 4 ) .	1
It 's a very nice route	0
Oh yeah cos we 're going to Maryland tomorrow .	0
That 's it .	1
Yeah , we run out of pints again tonight .	1
Intermingled with the discourses about race and law and order were constant references to unemployment , particularly among the young , and various forms of social disadvantage and poverty ( Solomos , 1988 , pp. 186–911 ) .	1
Indeed , many systems of criminal law impose a mandatory sentence for murder ( or whatever the highest form of homicide is called in that system ) .	1
Mm ?	0
Its main sections dealt with the government 's approach to the environment ( nationally , at the European level and globally ) , the nature and effects of the greenhouse effect , environmental problems in both rural and urban areas ( especially in relation to land-use matters ) , pollution control and enhancing awareness of environmental matters .	0
Water please .	0
So she said er it wo n't only be fiver cos she said	0
"Fraser dealt with this problem without difficulty and explained to Law in 1913 that "" the importance of getting important speeches in advance is shown in concrete manner by your Wallsend speech on October 29th ."	1
"Daniel had pieced the story together from the radio : "" with throat wounds ."	1
‘ I ran out of steam .	1
The point worth making here is that there are many alternative schemes for interpolating from irregular point data ( Lam 1983 ) .	1
Pete ?	0
Mind you , it might be too complicated !	0
can do about it .	1
The specific role of bishops which is to be exercised in communion with the see of Peter in ensuring the unity and continuity of the faith is vital if we are to hand on the faith of Peter , Gregory and Augustine .	1
If you can hear next door 's music I can assure you it 's not a regular occurrence .	0
‘ No thank you .	0
Such measures constituted the present Government 's heritage , when it took office in 1979 .	1
‘ Go and paint something .	0
The further subdivision of natural hazards is self-explanatory as is that of individual technological hazards .	0
Two strong groups emerged behind Long and Chamberlain , about equal in numbers , but there were few backers for Carson or Law .	1
They do n't know where ?	0
This is plainly evident from the section of the contract signed by each participant where what is expected of them is spelt out :	1
He did n't know .	0
( d ) Warfare and crusades	0
Forster scanned the corridor once more .	0
No I 'd rather	0
Not good !	0
move down in October .	1
Last autumn , Dr Klinowska , Mr Goodson and their team put the theories into practice .	1
Er , two additions left .	1
I do n't want to go in the road .	0
You know , like by a canal or something .	0
That 's very much like the one , I mean ours is on about two or something like that and	1
There is a danger in reading back from this figure another stereotype , similar to the Pavlovian ‘ drug addiction/inner city ’ assumed link .	1
Well I shall see to that .	1
the next	1
Therefore in the present case the justices came to the correct conclusion .	1
What should nine times ten Emma ?	0
Certainly not a whole that one	0
And now the stroke has affected him that way .	1
‘ Well , perhaps not , ’ Muldoon agreed .	0
The consequences for some nations or subgroups in a population of being without access to environmental data or the tools for analysing them while others have such access are potentially profound — as the European Commission has recognized in issuing a directive on public access to environmental data ( CEC 1990d ) — yet space limitations have also precluded their discussion .	0
Yeah , and you ca n't , you ca n't understand it can you really ?	0
surprising .	0
The conference opened with Labour buoyed by a series of weekend opinion polls giving leads of from 5 to 12 points .	1
She still retained her English habit of noting each day 's weather , always expecting changes , marvelling at the hot sunny days which followed one after the other , almost with monotony .	1
read	0
Hence the net force on the electron is formula] .	1
But the most striking thing about Bagehot 's essay on Peel , in the light of the last full week of this election campaign , is that it simply does not apply to Major at all .	1
‘ Start emptying the files ? ’	0
These factors are worthy of emphasis because in practice they are still dealt with very badly in many organisations and yet it takes little trouble or expertise to make an enormous difference .	1
The importance of this debate can be explained , partly , by the political capital which the Opposition could make from linking the social and economic malaise of the country at large with violent street disturbances .	1
The system described by Berke and Ruch ( 1985 ) is raster-based and has an interesting modelling component called SLOSH ( Sea , Lake and Overland Surges from Hurricanes ) .	0
A piece of metal or plastic ?	0
"And he said , "" I told you ."	0
The Bhopal accident killed 2000 and injured 200 000 more ;	0
Ask any agency you are considering using if they are a member of one of the above professional associations .	1
Interwoven with these images are subtler references to the metaphorical borderlines which separate Latin American culture from that of Europe and North America .	1
I gestured to where Dream Baby 's aerials showed above Wavebreaker 's gunwale .	0
She sipped her tea .	0
Cor !	0
We are very tired .	0
six times three	0
The leaf is 10 cm long .	0
He 's busy .	0
He thinks of wicked as being good , he does n't , cause Mandy says wicked .	0
This brings the discussion to a crucial point : what does the sentence of life imprisonment mean in practice , and what would be the alternative ?	1
That 's the flat bit	1
More impressive are the Japanese manufacturers whose cars dating from the early Eighties can run on unleaded without adjustment .	1
contraption !	1
Again , a raster-based approach is used .	0
Charlotte please , can you walk nicely ?	0
Many commented on lack of information about the range of facilities on offer .	1
This was not a shock .	1
Motion carried unanimously .	1
A studio .	1
‘ In fact , a peculiarity about this condition is that it seldom if ever occurs in a woman who 's had a baby . ’	1
You ca n't blame me	0
Nevertheless , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .	0
Since popular ideas of life in the past are often founded on vividly coloured reconstructions of ‘ The World in the Jurassic Period ’ and the like , it is important to remember that these imaginative scenes are all inferences from bones , and similar fragments .	1
Shiranikha Herbert barrister	0
Is it	0
Oh !	0
Well I reckon she lived er a couple of years after the stroke Gordon .	1
Oh I do n't want to go to	0
They get a bit carried away actually .	1
You got it ?	1
Why they keep on making new bulbs ?	1
but we wo n't be going home , we 'll be going to York	0
What would you like now Tim on there ?	0
From this end , yeah .	0
Length of leaf is 18 cm .	0
I went to Tesco .	0
MP Neville Trotter is a pear-shaped Tory with pear-shaped vowels who has little appeal to the people of Meadowell , and a dwindling appeal in the middle-class suburbs where unemployment is also climbing .	1
‘ They will not think of me here .	0
Found .	0
It should be stressed , however , that — while the outlines of human activities are clear — there are still many uncertainties : for instance , we know that the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has risen about 9 per cent since 1959 .	0
In the sections to follow the stark question is therefore put ‘ Is the Probation Service in the business of inflicting pain ? ’ and the answer which unfolds may be summarized ‘ No , because it neither aspires nor wishes to ! ’	1
Numerous examples of this line of argument can be found in Dear 's report on Handsworth , and in press coverage during the riots .	1
Fair enough .	1
‘ Not particularly well , I imagine .	0
IT was n't the only programme last night to shine light into dirty corners .	1
Got it ?	1
Presumably that was the point .	1
Responding to the Handsworth events Douglas Hurd was moved to argue forcibly that such events were senseless and reflected more on those who participated in them than on the society in which they took place : ‘ The sound which law abiding people in Handsworth heard on Monday night , the echoes of which I picked up on Tuesday , was not a cry for help but a cry for loot ’ ( Financial Times , 13 September 1985 ) .	1
Trace gases in the atmosphere are key components of the cycles of such elements as carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulphur and the halogens ; as is now well known , their concentrations are much influenced by biogenic and anthropogenic activities and the concentrations of such gases as carbon dioxide , ozone , methane , nitrous oxide and the chlorofluoromethanes ( CFMs ) strongly affect radiative transfer and provide a link with the physical climate system .	0
The arrested water shone and danced .	1
‘ Someone will see the light under the door . ’	0
In this sense the scene is clearly one of hazard problems looking for improved GIS rather than for GIS looking for good problems , as is all too often the case .	0
Most athletes first encountered him as a voice , bellowing in multi-lingual fury at officials who had broken rules or arrangements designed to make racing safer or more fair .	1
Nine times four equals thirty six .	0
It is these , rather than existing , licensed sites which should be a focus of research activity , particularly when examining possible links to ill health .	0
Yeah I like this one .	0
And they just give me tablets .	0
Only then will two vitally important and complementary goals be achieved : to improve Britain 's general educational and vocational competence , and hence our productive capacity ; and to reduce our gross educational inequalities between the elite who receive a narrow education to a very high standard , and the rest .	1
Thirty five a snatch back or the repossession type thing I suppose .	1
Fifty five	0
Furthermore , it highlights the suitability of referring to this type of project for testing out the appropriateness of applying the notion of punishment to probation practice .	1
Christ !	0
That 's sick !	0
He conceded that there would be disputes with colleagues , but said : ‘ There are no quick fixes , and I will not be indulging in any quick fix .	1
on Saturday !	1
She would never take it off .	0
‘ Mueller will have the power to make or break whole areas of Europe .	1
See you later	0
Why did n't I go with you ?	0
1 .	0
Even the Daily Mail , which deployed the clearest use of ‘ race ’ and ‘ outside agitator ’ arguments , ran a major story on Broadwater Farm under the headline : ‘ Burnt-out hulks litter this concrete jungle … despair hangs heavy ’ ( 8 October 1985 ) .	1
There was , however , one aspect that deserves commendation .	1
When she reached the plateau she remained standing , watching for Joss Barnet , waiting for the moment when she would see him riding towards her .	0
A major feature of these applications is the extent to which they involve overlays of a variety of information drawn from different sources on a topographic map base .	1
‘ How do you know we 're leaving ? ’ she asked .	0
Surprising how many of these	0
The first of these was written in 1928 and they number about 150 .	1
Common opinions were what got Major into difficulties in the first place .	1
Earnings without such gains were 1.9p higher at 6.8p a share .	1
Is that ?	1
‘ I 'm not some goddamned sultan 's sister . ’	0
The analogy is found in such ocean-going amphipods ( a kind of ‘ shrimp ’ ) as Cystosoma , which also has enormously expanded eyes , looking like headlamps , compared with its bottom-dwelling relatives ( see above ) .	1
You saw that card	1
In Scandinavia , with their mixed economies , money is always available , after a bit of persuasion , from both local and central government .	1
Admittedly , the Model Penal Code does contain a list of circumstances which may amount to extreme indifference , which assists the courts and increases the predictability of verdicts in a way that Scots law does not , but the essence of both approaches is that there is no precise way of describing those non-intentional killings which are as heinous as intentional killings .	1
west mysteriously .	0
So I said , twentieth of March .	0
I understand the Fifties .	0
Three elements refer to the female presence , all of them dealing with an essential lack .	1
Gently !	0
He smiled at her , an unexpectedly tender smile .	1
Come and look !	0
It could well have been .	0
Nuclear power stations must prepare a plan and submit this to the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate and Health and Safety Executive for approval .	0
And bring all the glasses back .	0
‘ Gentlemen , please , ’ said Nowak , ever the diplomat .	0
And that makes her feel what ?	1
What I , where I gon na go ?	0
Yeah , oh yeah .	0
Yeah he 's gone .	0
There is nothing easier .	0
The potential benefits to insurance companies , engineers and planners are clear .	0
‘ We stirred it up , yes , but we never lost any money for anybody and we never added to the unemployment figures . ’	1
And write as well .	0
Equally , the ‘ signposting ’ role now being adopted by UNEP 's GRID project — which is expected to offer on-line access to a catalogue of environmental data sets and details of the responsible agencies in 1991 — is to be welcomed .	0
Which side is it ?	1
There was nothing in his house to remind him of Ecalpemos .	0
For social scientists , then , environmental monitoring and prediction are a matter of considerable significance , especially as ‘ globalization ’ of markets and economies proceeds .	0
All others became vulnerable .	0
Harsh measures — putting an entire community under an absolute curfew for a continuous lengthy period of time , demolishing homes , uprooting olive or citrus trees , physical intimidation and terror tactics employed by raiding army units , shooting , killing , cutting off water or electricity supplies and telephone links to villages or towns , mass arrests , intimidatory interrogation techniques — can either create a temporary lull or activate an eruption .	1
Hammerson shot up 45p to 855p in sympathy .	1
Assessment of the ecological values of tropical forest ;	0
Ruth had no heart for it .	1
Pre-tax profit fell £4.1million to £12.2 million in the year to September 30 , in line with the severely-reduced expectations after the Cadillac Rubber acquisition and rights issue in July .	1
‘ A lot . ’	1
Getting the economy right .	1
‘ She was in hospital for six weeks , and I was the only one who knew it was n't an accident .	0
‘ Wiped out twenty million Russians for Stalin .	1
Polos just one Polo .	0
‘ Which ties Trimmler in .	1
That was the last straw as far as Nate was concerned .	1
I wrote back asking the reasons for this , pointing out that , if any large modern power station deserved to be listed , it was Bankside .	1
talking about your home .	1
What is not known is information on the locations of former sites , at which quite toxic materials may have been dumped , though recent work by Egger ( 1989 ) in Austria has mapped a vast number of such sites .	0
But after 10 years of Tory rule , he had had enough of that approach to politics .	1
Bye Bye Baby gets away with its particular minefield thanks to the sleight of illustrator Janet Ahlberg 's hand .	1
Did you walk , or did you walk in your pushchair ?	0
In contrast , the extrusion of a small volume of lava from a secondary cone on the slopes of Tristan da Cunha became the focus of global interest when , during October 1961 , the island 's lobster processing plant was smothered and the 300 people of the island 's only settlement were evacuated to the UK .	0
Was it even now shadowing them , moving soundlessly from cover to cover , like a tiger in the steel jungle ?	1
No , no , I use it 's usually fucked .	0
Half-way measures can only imply half-way success .	1
Like many young American composers he studied with Nadia Boulanger , but after 1925 set out to achieve the ‘ discipline of spontaneity ’ which he found in Stein 's writings .	1
And to die in one 's sleep without distress to oneself or inconvenience to others is an enviable end .	1
cos I was late .	0
This sombre giant — like a defeated proud man — contrasts , when considered in the nature of a living creature , with the pale smile of a last rose on the fading bush in front of him …	1
I mean I 'm glad she 's er September , and an August birthday , I would of hated to have gone	0
True , the new Secretary of State for the Environment laid stress , from the outset , on the need for economic regeneration , and indicated his sympathy for the voluntary sector in the tackling of urban problems .	1
The Prime Minister was on his soapbox .	1
picking me at half past seven tonight love .	1
Robert had for Christmas .	0
‘ Somebody will likely have reported her missing . ’	0
Do what ?	0
You do n't want to walk where ?	0
Candles .	0
No we did n't go in , but Iris and Ian did .	0
She could see in its eyes — intelligence .	0
the last half hour .	0
Not really .	0
A new canvass system was introduced in 1911 so that all county constituencies would operate the same system and so that duplicate records could be kept at area level .	1
The ‘ cities of inner despair ’ were conceived as the breeding ground for disorderly protest , and however hard the Government tried to break the causal link between the two , it was forced to take on board the need to restore order not only through the police but through promises of help for the inner cities .	1
Gone a funny shape .	1
""" Anything on the postcard about coming back ?"	1
He could hear her barking and looked down over the steep side of the embankment to the bottom of the trees .	0
As the week went by , Major rejected common opinion about two other large subjects : proportional representation and Scottish devolution .	1
They were , they were really nice .	0
Nana and granddad .	0
The thing is	1
Shall we start ?	0
Revival under Law , 1911–1914	1
In fact , in fact most of the stuff they do n't like anyway .	1
They were ninth were n't they ?	0
The western is being revived , reinterpreted for the 1990s .	1
The currents , on the other hand , do not cancel because they represent opposite charges moving in opposite directions ( remember , minus one times minus one is equal to plus one ) .	1
THE information technology revolution has left large swaths of rural Britain untouched .	1
A padded shirt like Alfred had for Christmas ?	0
In some cases , good hazard data exist but have simply not yet found their way into a GIS .	1
As a result of this rule , and many carefully orchestrated publicity campaigns , the motor industry 's image has now changed from polluter to pal of the earth .	1
I like this one too .	0
Come on .	1
Approved future programmes include the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite , the NASA Scatterometer and the joint NASA/CNES Ocean Topography Experiment .	0
That 's the reason I wanted you on this . ’	1
When I was n't excited	0
This can be very high , for a large company a change in market value of millions of pounds is not unusual .	1
As these chaps go .	1
But we can talk about that later .	1
But this can be counter-productive , as it cuts off communication between the systems analyst and the user .	1
We are then left with only one equation formula] or formula] or formula] , depending on our preference .	1
On the floor a toddler peels more chips from a congealed , bluish mass and feeds them to a baby .	0
Yes but we 're not going to Brittany	0
Faced with Chamberlain 's proposition , and without a majority of his own , Long had no option but to agree .	1
The Indian Mexico raped and abused by the conquistador yet bearing his bastard child .	1
Discourses on punishment and dictionary definitions of the term clearly specify the central feature of punishment as being the infliction of pain rather than the loss of liberty per se ( Hudson , 1987 ) .	1
‘ Do n't they realise they 're playing with political dynamite ?	1
It 's as you come off the	0
Shares in Avon Rubber have fallen sharply this year as a result of the weak demand for winter tyres and rights issue call to finance the move into US motor components .	1
I got him every time , until the end and I said I am not serving him this time !	1
‘ I did not use fenders , Breakspear , because I despise precautions .	0
How you keeping ?	1
What was that ?	1
We shall go through a number of examples later .	1
Not me !	0
No here .	0
That 's his stairs , yeah .	0
Well I do n't know .	0
How is he ?	0
mine are like that ,	1
He decided to turn the pressure on the Russian .	1
Who 's coming to see you ?	0
Erm in Leverington actually .	0
‘ Klepner ? ’	0
When the introductions were complete , the Exec Director , the DDA , the DDI , Sorge and Nowak settled themselves round the small conference table .	0
Well in Leverington then ?	1
At at	0
‘ We have taken a step backward , ’ Ryan said — and on this sorry evidence it looks as if it will be backwards all the way when the Test takes place at Cardiff Arms Park on 4 November .	1
"Foul play was not suspected , "" and from conflicting newspapers ."	1
But , like all the best soapbox orators , Major had prepared his repartee in advance .	1
‘ One in ambush , with the rest of us acting like beaters .	1
Perhaps a Labour government would have spent even more : it would certainly have spent it in different ways .	1
They never had fifteen .	1
The passages it cancelled had , in any case , as in certain programmes , not been lost but stored on some limbo disc from whence they must now be retrieved .	1
Yeah the Stratford Warriors running about every six weeks something like that .	1
In case of a dispute you can complain to the professional body , and members are bonded , which means that deposits and rent are covered in case of fraud or dishonesty . ’	1
Yeah , you can live in one and I 'll live in another .	0
You 've got a black crayon again .	0
Her ‘ Mexicanness ’ has become a stylistic gloss , decorative , colourful , pretty , even individualistic .	1
But within a month , she could n't get through the day without tranquillizers ; she felt less anxious , calmer .	1
That 's only about sixty	1
In an ideal world , there would be no need for either , but for now I would rather see the frustration expressed in these light-hearted terms than in the sort of man-hating bitterness that has given feminism such a bad name .	1
The reader is required to follow a series of steps which might , for example , introduce a change in the performance of a complex system .	1
The Second Crusade , however , was launched with St Bernard 's ringing appeal to the count and barons of Brittany :	1
I wo n't be able to see it .	0
We found there that by choosing a scalar function in the form formula we could automatically satisfy the other equation for the electric field strength , formula .	1
"Essentially I am not a "" Van Gogh "" ."	0
Okay ?	0
He did so , and he looked like the questioner in the studio audience rather than the answerer .	0
Just a minute get some of this .	0
In parliament there would be a carefully organized campaign of resistance that would at least slow the government down and raise Unionist morale .	1
Just there on the last	0
Bad news .	0
‘ But let's not forget we 've still got a crisis on .	1
The inner city has been variously regarded as a cause for moral outrage , a threat to public order , or as a stain on the nation 's conscience .	1
MON 9 OCT Steve Marriott & Mickey Hutton In among those on their way up , and those who will never go anywhere , the pub rock circuit plays host to those who were once really something .	1
That 's quite nice .	1
He ca n't go back there .	0
Is n't it ? ’	0
Clare asked .	0
60 Fossil fern , Sphenopteris laurenti , Carboniferous , Derbyshire , England .	0
Ca n't remember which one	0
She pledged that the Government would safeguard those that did not opt for trust status , but she expected this to be a minority .	1
But the end-product is the accurate reconstruction of the Jurassic and Cretaceous terrestrial world , over which the dinosaurs were indisputably dominant .	1
The way to look at Bye Bye Baby , they insist , is as a ‘ light , surreal comedy ’ .	1
‘ He 's very upset .	0
That 's right yeah .	1
There was , at last , a look of alarm on his face , and I could see him wondering whether he really would have to pull the small trigger .	0
There you go .	1
You want some now do you ?	0
Lots of play !	0
This is where we 're going not Towcester alright ?	0
Tokyo : Nikkei index : 37,654.29 ( 37,494.17 ) .	0
They lost over £4,000 dealing with two letting agencies which closed down without paying them the rent and tenants ' deposit owed on their Wembley flat .	1
Mm mm .	0
No ?	0
she lasted there about six months , that was all .	1
‘ So what 's all this got to do with the deaths of our agents ? ’ continued the DDA .	1
A number of priority areas were identified , including biotopes of importance for nature conservation , acid deposition and its effects on soils and biotopes and the protection of the environment of the Mediterranean region ( Briggs and Martin 1988 ) .	0
Ah yes I thought	0
‘ I suggest you take that up with Comrade Stalin , ’ replied Sorge drily .	1
Health Update : Crack connection with Aids	1
They 've got an extra .	0
THERE is much concern in the US about the addiction to ‘ crack ’ ( purified cocaine ) within inner-city communities .	1
Shepherd , more than any other contributor to this section , draws attention to the extent to which current efforts in the geographic information management field are constrained by the highly fragmented nature of both data suppliers and users both in sectoral and spatial terms , the great diversity of data sets in varying formats and the difficulties presented by institutional factors such as copyright provision , data ownership and the control of access to data .	0
Well we 've actually chose the brownies now her age .	0
It would add another necessary touch in the process of creating a Palestinian home .	1
Good afternoon .	0
""" With a carving knife "" ."	0
Hers had been perceptive .	0
A successful policy for tackling the roots of urban disorder was seen as one which sought to involve all the community in dealing with the problems of each area so that they could come to feel that they have a stake in its future ( Scarman , 1981 , para. 6.42 ) .	1
Such a reform would bring improvements in natural justice without loss of public protection .	1
Thus , The Times of 17 December 1990 reported that a group of 40 of the most senior Civil Servants had met the previous weekend to discuss ‘ ways in which the government machine could respond better to national and international problems such as the threat of global climate change ’ .	0
It is found in North America ( Canada and the US ) , England , Belgium , France , Germany and Russia .	0
Very few have been evaluated , and the evidence is largely anecdotal , he said .	0
About 230 people attended the conference , held in April 1985 .	1
one , two , three , four	0
The Dear Report on Handsworth captures this image and links it to the social condition of young blacks :	1
The revolution the countryside needs : Christian Wolmar says Britain is lagging behind in setting up ‘ telecottages ’	1
Now you 've got ta get your coat on .	0
In Bristol and West 's forthcoming auctions , a set fee of £375 plus VAT will be charged to everyone entering property to sell , with its usual agent 's commission ( about 2 per cent plus VAT ) charged on top when sales are made .	1
Aha .	0
Er at this stage I do n't think so to be honest with you because	1
Did you walk around Tesco 's ?	0
Yeah the door there is n't it ?	0
What would I put ?	1
If the magnetic field happens to be larger at one side than at the other side , then the beam will be deflected towards the weaker field which makes the field even weaker , etc. , leading to the so-called kink instability ( Fig. 3.3(b) ) .	1
‘ I do indeed , ’ said Elinor .	0
Earnings were level at 17.5p a share .	1
Yeah , he 's alright .	0
Villages are expensive to live in and if they are to become vibrant communities again , local people must be able to earn enough to be able to continue living in them .	0
Must have heard about that from Alan .	1
Ragazzi of distinction : .	1
The blinding headaches he had been experiencing in recent weeks were taking their toll , and he looked grey and drawn when he arrived home .	1
That 's a little one .	0
What 's a bit chilly ?	0
Oh I know !	0
In contrast to our previous example we shall now investigate a cylindrical beam consisting of two kinds of charge carriers : negative electrons and some positive particles , which I do not wish to be more precise about at the moment .	1
You can have down the road for the .	0
I guess he was one of them ? ’ asked the DDI .	0
Britain , with its growing traffic problems , seems an ideal place for the onset of this revolution .	1
It will be seen that English law does this up to a point , and in the process seems to accept social-defence arguments as reasons for departing from several of the principles set out in Chapter 3 .	1
My wife will extend the invitation to the Carsons .	1
But it	0
The balance of evidence seems to be swinging away from the original idea of swamp-dwelling giant dinosaurs to fully terrestrial habits .	1
The electric field is then formula] , the current density formula] , and the current formula] .	1
Well I mean , January	0
She said , hang on	1
Again Law succeeded by unorthodoxy ; he was quick to grasp the essentials of an opponent 's argument and quite prepared to be rude or direct if the situation demanded it .	1
It must have been .	0
Very I mean overlap	0
that the pages are always sticky with sellotape and so on .	0
Coffee	0
Many people might think that a person who causes death whilst using an unlawfully held firearm or explosives ought to be convicted of murder because there is , generally speaking , no excuse for using such dangerous equipment .	0
No no really	0
See look !	0
the lot .	1
‘ So when 's he going back to the States ? ’	0
Yes I can believe it , yes .	0
Might well do .	1
From the comparative opulence of 17-6 they then slipped into penury by conceding 18 unanswered points .	1
Although occasionally humorous , the work presents a bleak view of urban alienation .	1
I do n't know what I 'm saying	0
‘ There has to be losers as well as winners , , said the American .	0
Or does that sound like a firm of country solicitors ?	1
It 's Top Of The Pops .	0
Substituting the above equation into eqn ( 3.1 ) we get formula , or using the vector relation ( eqn ( A.6 ) ) we obtain the modified form formula .	1
But they 're a nice are n't they ?	0
After dinner , yeah .	1
Other reactions have concentrated on the issue of the interplay between inner-city decay and racial disadvantage in contemporary Britain .	1
‘ When are you starting ? ’	0
‘ Not Mummy .	0
They do it , well they do it every year .	1
They 're nice when they 're fresh .	0
Then she turned to helping Mrs Carson .	1
An effective analyst provides the same service to the business as the doctor provides to the patient .	1
do it .	1
According to Shepherd these users share a common need for up-to-date information on the amount , capacity and condition of urban land , transport networks , utilities , hospitals , schools and other major communal facilities .	0
And if you tell him about it he , he 's in a rock band .	1
And Clare 's just as stubborn and just as silly .	0
Put them on a list and wait .	1
The wave-like pattern of the Intifada , its pains and sufferings , are all reminiscent of the process of birth .	1
The burn threads a wild and inhospitable crevice of the hills , where the wind blows cold and the sense of isolation grows with each lonely mile .	1
cos they 're very good are n't they ?	0
After that we would go to Tahiti , and I saw the excitement grow in Ellen as she realised that these plans were so close to coming true .	1
Conservatives have always lauded the ‘ voluntarist ’ principle in welfare , and encouraged it from platforms .	1
Can you imagine a woman trying to get two men into bed so she could watch them ? ’	0
Kahlo 's adoption of Tehuana dress , while being an attractive disguise of what she saw as a less than perfect body , asserted both a feminist and an anti-colonialist position .	1
This large data set , to which grid references have now been added , comprises information about nearly 40 000 individuals .	1
I was out with erm an nephew last night and I mean it was n't icy but it was sort of getting late and it was cold .	0
It is also relevant to point out here the work of the Health and Safety Executive in developing techniques for quantitative risk assessment ( Health and Safety Executive 1989 ) .	0
Get the train .	1
full Sunday Times tomorrow , Major expose on the the the Labour leaderships ties with a Moscow Moscow company .	1
It is n't , well yes .	0
And just go to reception	0
Health : Alternative cures ‘ not proven ’	0
Has a leaflet come through .	0
He was in flight from his family , his dead alter ego , his uncertain sense of identity .	1
Popoloff , no what 's his name ?	0
It may be roughly divided into two parts : magnetostatics and the rest .	1
Link that with Trimmler 's death , Goodenache 's sudden departure for Germany and the mention of the Lucy Ghosts during their conversation , and I think you will agree that is the strongest lead we have to follow . ’	1
Oh .	0
Obviously the eldest girl had been shopping : the folding pushchair had a shelf under the seat lumped high with plastic bags .	0
He had seen these ample fields , as he had seen Cezanne 's geometric brown and green undergrowth in more than one mental hospital day room .	0
This chap we were sitting next to involved in all these canal projects .	1
The irony of this lay in the fact that the Second Crusade was counter-productive in Outremer , embittered relations with Byzantium , and resulted in the deaths of enormous numbers of its participants , particularly those drawn from the non­aristocratic classes .	1
Nevertheless a few qualitative conclusions may be drawn without doing any further mathematics .	1
But the worst happens and you reel from it , you stagger , the shock is enormous , and then you begin to recover .	1
Never make up for a	0
What 's the matter with everyone this morning ? ’	1
Except , mind you , the , the rough , the erm rugby club gave the band a bit of er , a rough seeing to .	1
‘ You really are quite clever at this , Ruth .	1
Probably not .	0
In the UK only a handful of county emergency planning departments ( Cumbria , for instance ) have built up resource databases in digital form and this needs to be promoted .	1
No , I mean it it 's not as if you hear the telly or	0
The abstract talk of commuting by rail or road being replaced by information technology finds a concrete expression in the idea of telecottages .	1
No that noise daddy	1
What of this thirst that can be satisfied by an unquenching drink ?	1
Few contemporaries would have expected Balfour 's retirement to lead to a Unionist recovery .	1
""" Herod then with wrath was filled . """	1
These are , of course , commercially important questions and a good deal of money is going into the collection of such data by insurance companies .	1
The pattern is determined by a wide variety of factors , including what the Israeli army does .	1
I know .	0
Yeah well tell your mother .	0
I ca n't with my habits any more .	1
WHESSOE saw pre-tax profit rise to £4.78 million , from £3.55 million , on sales of £58 million down from £100 million .	1
Shall I accompany you on the violin ?	1
So , of course , does alcohol itself .	0
Hands now .	0
At its most simple , La Chingada , as the mother of Mestizo culture is ‘ the Mother forcibly opened , violated or deceived ’ .	1
It always seems presumptuous to encroach on that self-sufficiency .	1
I 'll get you some .	0
I 'll have to	0
No they 've got half a whole	0
Ten six in n it ?	0
Now the winter salon at Saracen , where Elinor waited for Adam , was not only the coolest but the most impressive room in the château .	0
Political , economic and social issues which arise in conducting Task Analyses are discussed in the context of Job Analysis ( p. 148 ) .	1
The tests were negative .	0
After all , it was the death of our people in these situations that has brought us together . ’	1
Both are presenting the great Russian warhorses , Boris Godunov and The Queen of Spades .	1
And now he longed only to get away .	0
The Declaration of Independence issued by the Palestine National Council ( PNC ) on November 15 last year constitutes a major landmark along this road .	1
It 's when you need	0
No general election was fought by the organization set up after 1911 , but there is little doubt that there was a massive improvement ; criticisms that were commonplace in 1910 were not to be heard by 1913 .	1
Oh right yeah .	0
First leg look .	1
Is Tim having it ?	1
The design of procedures	1
It is convenient to retain the nuclear/non-nuclear distinction when discussing the background to emergency planning .	0
Indeed , working directly with consultants proves invaluable in gaining access to high-quality morbidity data .	1
The Commission argues that there is at present no monitoring of environmental quality and trends on a European scale , nor any guarantee that the results of environmental monitoring will be comparable on a Community-wide basis ( a realization brought about through the CORINE programme described later ) .	0
Who was on it ?	1
In describing its vision of effective supervision the White Paper goes on to note :	1
Who ?	0
Frida Kahlo : Self-portrait with cropped hair , 1940 , 40x27.9 cm .	0
you last night ?	0
Powerhaus , at the Pied Bull 1 Liverpool Rd , N1 ( 837 3218 ) 7.30pm £3 .	0
He was a skilful lover : tender and gentle in the beginning , then powerful , persistent , rough almost — until , his passion rising in harmony with hers , the climax came like the bursting of a thousand stars , like the beginning and ending of the world .	1
Plainly , this is a form of constructive criminal liability : the murder conviction is constructed out of the ingredients of a lesser offence .	1
Where is she ?	0
When the bid was launched last week , Mr Franklin faced some criticism from City commentators on both those counts .	1
It	0
‘ Was there anything else ? ’	0
There are few things worse than being bludgeoned into reading a book you hate .	1
Could you tell her we 're going to watch Inspector Morse !	0
Usually these reports concentrate on prophecies of a forthcoming Armageddon but many also describe a dire contemporary situation .	0
That 's right .	1
Go on then you 'll be able to see mummy from work .	1
Others returned to the jobs they had before the war .	1
But you do n't put on weight so there .	1
I 'll pay the money back to her . ’	1
This highlights the challenges for research in a field categorized by a lack of data for some countries , varying definitions and standards in use , and unreasonably high user expectations .	1
Who come see	0
Her dressing up outfit .	1
Within the public domain in the UK we must rely in general on data from the most recent Population Census , the lowest level being that for enumeration districts ( EDs ) .	1
Take fifty three .	1
Er two times six equals twelve .	0
Well was it Edith 's ?	0
Where the hell 's that ?	1
The sergeant nodded , deciding it could do no harm to concede a point he had already taken .	1
Did they ?	0
I 'm not totally callous . ’	0
Typically .	0
In one of several Intifada leaflets written in Hebrew and addressed to the Israeli soldiers on duty in the occupied territories , the message was repeated : Soldier , go home .	1
‘ So they bought immunity .	1
So there 's a lot of people walking about with just taking bloody tablets who probably really should have a bypass .	1
‘ I suppose Mueller saw to that , ’ Mark said sarcastically .	1
One ca n't usually assign some arbitrary value to the divergence of a vector function .	1
An assessment of management tools , institutional adaptation and policy integration in regard to global environmental change ;	0
Paths and boundaries vanished , allowing the tides of street life to wash right up to the doorsteps .	1
But , of course , erm for licensing they do n't take that particularly into consideration up there .	1
""" It does , "" said Frederica ."	0
Fig. 7 .	0
Even though this kind of action may cost a lot , I believe it to be money well and necessarily spent because the health of our economy and the health of our environment are totally dependent upon each other … .	0
‘ What had you in mind , Nell ? ’	1
At least it showed that the girl 's mind was working in the right direction .	1
In the scenario he outlines , an area affected by radioactive releases is determined , the population within that area is allocated to reception areas ( with capacity constraints ) , evacuation routes are identified and traffic restrictions implemented .	0
You go round in the sales , have a look .	1
Yeah I 'm wondering whether it 's playing to itself , with the television off .	1
‘ Nothing further came from the ring until the last few weeks of the war .	1
the shoe .	0
Stigmaria is the name given to roots of the giant lycopod Lepidodendron ( this page ) .	1
‘ One thing we do n't need in this subcontinent , ’ Professor Rokeya Kabeer observed , ‘ is spiritual guidance — we have gurus a dime a dozen . ’	1
MASSVAC is quite flexible and various user-defined road network options are available such as : traffic signal timings on the road network ; one-way traffic ; reserved lanes for special vehicles such as those of the emergency services .	0
""" One for you , "" said Frederica to Alexander , still skimming the necessary accompanying print ."	1
Much as in 1980–1 , the ‘ social causes ’ argument can not be seen separately from the broader debate about the future of the British economy and society .	1
Motoring : A lead-free lover 's guide to used cars : Drivers with a tight budget and an environmental conscience can buy second-hand without losing principles , says James Ruppert	1
No no	0
He had virtually no bite , as he had once overheard Adam say to Bridget , and heard it with helpless chagrin .	1
Yeah and a lion .	0
A dozen or so schoolgirls were dutifully filling in xeroxed , hand-written , one-word-answerable questionnaires .	0
In this context the operator requires a guide for action and not a scientific text-book .	1
It 's just that I can actually hear it .	0
allocated parking .	0
One of the twins had better sit on my lap .	0
Walking here , you leave the 20th century behind on the outskirts of the forest and enter the reconstructed emptiness in which the reivers and cross-border raiders of the past could operate unhindered .	1
You 're not tired .	0
It 's a nice , nice thick one though .	0
‘ Oh , Mark , ’ she said .	0
In this way the chapters in this part present a number of perspectives which essentially complement and amplify the discussion in the previous part .	1
And there 's a lion is there ?	0
Aye !	0
Banda !	0
The poor thing is part of this madness .	1
In both features she is also seen to embody a wider set of assumptions about Mexico itself ; exotic , passionate , yet constantly struggling against pain and deceit .	1
‘ From the city , ’ he said .	0
The great London smogs are now only a nightmare of the past .	0
Yeah there 's space under there for bits and pieces .	0
Now that would be a great leap forward . ’	1
Straight after	1
Yes , I mean it 's her sort of age .	0
I mean look at that woman doing her er from the from the church .	1
Well I mean just look at the map you 're you 're going to and then you 're going to .	0
Some urban areas have serious problems without a major ethnic dimension ( Newcastle , Teesside ) ; not all members of ethnic minorities are poor or deprived .	1
his lunch .	0
Leinster have named a team that looks strong on paper , including eight internationals , yet they recently lost to both Munster and Ulster in the Inter-Provincial Championship .	1
Some of the stupid bastards wo n't be satisfied until we no longer make a single vehicle in the UK .	0
Where does the mask fall : Does not the ritual repetition of those familiar features ‘ mask ’ far more than it uncovers ?	1
Twenty !	0
Is this funny ?	1
cos I 've noticed it 's very sticky on here , that you should wipe it cos it	0
As if in protest , George uttered a blood-curdling , lunatic-sounding cackle , and fell fractionally forward .	1
it 's dark in here .	0
You can bet your bottom dollar on that !	1
Would n't you ?	0
They , they 've never left , they were playing the rugby club ?	0
This necessitates , in turn , a far more numerous and ubiquitous police presence than in other kinds of area , far more frequent unpleasant contact with the public as potential suspects , and far greater opportunities for police misjudgment or abuse .	1
If one manages to find the simplest method at the first attempt that can mostly be attributed to good luck .	1
Checklists	0
He thought with warmth of her certain approach .	1
Will she have watched Inspector Morse ?	0
you 've been before ?	1
‘ I promise . ’	0
Large belt large belt of the community in easterly	1
Mrs Bottomley 's rise to the top has been swift , with only four years between her first ministerial post and a seat at the Cabinet table .	1
"I hope you will understand . """	0
That 's what I call a miracle .	1
understand it .	0
From eqn ( 3.26 ) we get formula] .	1
"To suggest it , that is the dream . """	1
But there is a puff of dust on the horizon .	1
Right ?	0
I know we 'll cope but what are you going to do ?	0
Relief was at hand .	1
THE St Petersburg National Opera ( the ‘ National ’ ) , Chaliapin 's company , is in New York for the first time .	0
The course was crap !	0
How can you ?	0
A fucking Hong Kong fake .	0
They also return more miles to the gallon than their petrol equivalents , although service intervals are shorter .	1
As if 24-17 and derisive chants of ‘ Easy , easy ’ were not bad enough , this humiliation was against a side who have made a wretched start to the season — a week earlier Pontypool had given them a 35-6 going-over — and were short of at least half-a-dozen first-choice players .	1
Not for the likes of you and me to question why . ’	0
They told me it was a fake .	0
Intent to kill may be regarded as the most obvious and indisputable form of fault element for murder , but to some extent that depends on the meaning of ‘ intent ’ .	1
"On the way to the Ugandan famine , I think . """	0
In the meantime , we have the capacity to bring coherence and organisation to a whole range of activities , further consolidating the institutional linkage between the people in the occupied state and the PLO leadership .	1
Gorgeous location overlooking a quiet bay .	1
I bet she would , she loves anything like that !	1
Yeah but	0
You turn right	0
It also says a lot about modern American TV .	1
""" I keep trying ."	0
He was aware of an almost imperceptible withdrawing , more emotional than physical , a small delicate gesture of self-containment .	1
‘ It 's a paradox , it 's a nonsense . ’	0
We 're ready !	0
But then he 'll apologize the next day .	0
Naughty girl .	0
Yes we do , yes .	0
Put your arm in .	0
Two bedroomed , no ?	0
Not frightfully well , no .	0
See , for example , Fig. 5.3	0
Have a swinging birthday	1
‘ I wo n't hurt you , ’ he said .	0
In reality you just invent a tale , as if you were sitting round a fire in a cave . ’	1
I said nothing !	0
That cost is not difficult to justify where capital punishment is the penalty for first-degree murder .	1
Task forces , meanwhile , were directed to tackle youth unemployment .	1
Beryl said .	0
University rugby club .	0
Philip !	0
Instinctively , Mark felt uneasy .	1
Dixons ' shares jumped to 153p in early trading but ended the day at 141p , a 22p rise .	1
It was , he thought , an interesting choice of text .	0
HARDANGER , the retail property developer , posted pre-tax profits up £1.3million to £8.37million .	1
She knew that in the end he would come .	1
Come to think of it , neither hunger nor randiness hits quite the spot .	1
PLANTS should come a long way down the list of priorities for the novice gardener .	1
‘ Please stay ! ’	0
His voice deepened .	1
And good Russians , I suppose .	0
They got bars up their sleeves i n't they ?	0
whereas er	0
The Exec Director did n't want his dirty washing wrung out in front of this Russian .	1
""" Of course . """	0
Just come this way .	0
The National Union was merged with Central Office in 1911 and fusion with the Liberal Unionists followed in 1912 .	1
‘ There 'll be a direct link between Detroit and the line managers in each country , with Detroit calling the shots . ’	1
‘ But your hands were n't that clean .	1
Can you sort erm , madame out ?	1
What about Goodenache ? ’	1
Frida Kahlo : My Dress Hangs There , 1933 , 46x50 cm , estate of dr .	0
The supposedly jokey answers are illustrated by photographs of people sleeping outside covered by copies of The Independent : they look like some of the hundreds of visitors who come to St Botolph 's Crypt Centre for homeless people every day .	1
You got a nappy on !	0
We shall see !	1
Parliament urged to think again on housing issue : .	1
The one line sort of sets it all off , you can remember .	1
‘ Let's have that cup of tea and you 'll feel better . ’	1
And hopefully	0
That 's incredible that !	1
Ahhh !	0
They 're terrible tense	0
yes ? supper ?	0
Ian Masser	0
If we consider the environment in the broadest sense , much monitoring of it has been in progress for many years and by an enormous diversity of organizations in the UK ; these include the DoE , the Forestry Commission , the Nature Conservancy , the Health and Safety Executive , local authorities , the component members of the Natural Environment Research Council ( such as the Institute of Terrestrial Ecology and the British Antarctic Survey ) , individuals or research groups in academia , the CEGB , the Friends of the Earth , and UK Centre for Economic and Environmental Development ( CEED ) ( 1989 ) .	0
Thomson came from a generation of American composers which had to find its own way without benefit of university patronage .	1
Got ta get moving .	1
That right ? ’	1
It 's Charlotte choosing .	0
It was but er the market was so low that he decided not to well I do n't think he could get a buyer actually , it 's just stood there so he he he let it out rather than have it stood there with the option for us to buy it but I say now the prices are lower he 's not keen on selling it at that price .	1
EACH new indignity in the heap visited on Welsh rugby seems worse than the last .	1
That another one ?	1
But , if you can you know agree to tell him	0
He sounded somewhat to the right of Genghis Khan .	1
No no no .	0
The data volumes collected are often voluminous even by the standards of contemporary computing facilities ;	0
Not Sir David !	0
Using a technical term borrowed from electron optics we could say that the electron beam gets defocused .	1
These were :	1
Cos it 's er it 's weird really , it 's like a good good area and bad areas .	0
Mm cos she 'll see you there .	0
I du n no .	0
I said oh come on , we might as well go down and have a look .	1
FISA was then a relatively unimportant body which organised European and other championships and participated in the running of Olympic regattas .	1
Pardon ?	0
While Elle , Vogue and subsequently The Independent ( Fig. 5 ) , stressed different facets of Kahlo 's public persona , they all shared the emphasis on ‘ her ’ , as an encapsulisation of stereotypical images of Mexico , rather than her work .	1
Well yeah .	0
that	0
Pulling hair !	0
He cornered Frederica .	1
I think that 's the thing .	1
From what I heard , Germany was still their home .	1
Probation officers , it is argued , are concerned with establishing rules for probationers and not inflicting pain on them .	1
It 's due for its MOT test .	0
Upset .	1
In Kahlo 's work there is a powerful mix of these discourses , yet her role as an archetypal woman painter has come to dominate responses to her work .	1
Overview	0
Oh or what have you yes .	0
No , that 's	1
The Carlton meeting on Monday went off quite admirably .	1
It 's here .	0
Is it , we wonder , possible to contemplate bringing together some of these data sources to form a National Online Health Information System ( NOHIS ) , to parallel that for employment and unemployment ( Townsend et al. 1987 ) ?	1
The Home Office is not bound by those opinions , and appears to depart from them frequently .	1
Yeah , but , Charlotte , she 's looking away , hey .	0
The man ignored me , walking instead towards Ellen who , dressed only in shorts and T-shirt , was climbing long-legged over Wavebreaker 's rail .	0
Daddy has n't seen the new Rosie and Jim .	0
Or are you busy ?	0
You can get back to you 're er whatever you 're getting back to .	0
All this formed a background to the first century of crusading ; and it goes some way to explaining the more secular aspects of the magnetism which drew French knights to take up the cross in their thousands .	1
The process becomes demand driven by the user .	0
Well that 's	1
Five , five , five is fifteen .	0
That 's twos .	0
The families of North Tynedale in westernmost Northumberland — Charltons and Robsons , Milburns and Dodds — were never slow to lay hands on each other 's property in the lawless old days .	1
Soon after that .	1
Quite a wide range .	1
Jennifer sounded defeated , and he looked at her sideways with familiar love and exasperation .	1
The corridor was empty .	0
Labour hopes to transform the situation by increasing the number of A-levels to five for the brighter youngsters and providing grants for four-year training courses ( two years in a Further Education college followed by two with an employer ) for the rest .	1
These are such a serious and uniform parody .	1
He fearlessly attacked convention , which caused problems when he pitched into established reputations .	1
And gone to work for the opposition .	0
Mr Dalgliesh is going to be one of the guests .	0
The government sponsored Meadowell Initiative makes noises in the north of the estate — but does pitifully little , painfully slowly .	1
He said : ‘ I had wondered whether a piece so drenched in Anglican chant ( running from Gilbert and Sullivan to Morning Prayer and back ) could rise and sail . ’	1
Probably the best illustration of the assisting method in action during the course comes in the fifth session when Somerset practitioners take the logic of working with the problem in the community to its ultimate conclusion .	1
‘ No , gonorrhoea , ’ the doctor said apologetically .	0
There 's ashtray there .	0
This is perhaps best illustrated with reference to earthquakes .	0
‘ How very odd .	1
Related forms are spread over much of the world in Ordovician and Silurian times .	1
Yes it 's a nice colour .	0
‘ Where do you want that put ? ’	0
That one ?	1
How 's she doing ?	0
Nell pulled it off , got close to the door , and shouted .	0
Oh right !	0
Expenditure on Central Office , district offices and the London office doubled from £32,466 in 1909–10 to $68,957 in 1913–14 ; the total expenditure of the party organization from central funds also doubled from $73,000 to over £150,000 .	1
Each WRA is required to produce a waste disposal plan and these are starting to appear .	0
How 's Tim , cos he does n't sit down properly	0
‘ Nice name .	0
Parliament should give fresh thought to enacting a provision placing an obligation upon a council tenant to give notice to the council before being permitted to commence proceedings .	1
Discussion of services to individual children also took place .	1
Hobeika and Jamei have tested MASSVAC on various evacuation scenarios for Virginia Beach City in order to determine evacuation times for flood and hurricane conditions .	0
Mum !	0
The wheels have already been set in motion .	1
"Gauguin 's "" Man with the Axe "" ."	0
This clause has never yet been activated .	1
Forster was a fatalist .	0
‘ No , but you also like playing with fire .	1
There are few attractions for the Kielder tourist here .	1
It is the doctor that provides the remedy .	1
This equation can be further simplified to formula by choosing ( in the physicist 's jargon this is called choosing the gauge ) formula .	1
Answers in a bottle , please .	0
Well over half an hour had passed .	1
times three is eighteen	0
I 'd done something wrong .	0
. ‘ ; ‘ The added coverage is exactly what I wanted ’ .	0
The red and green of the Aztec necklace links it compositionally with the indigenous plants to the ‘ south ’ of the painting , the pink colonial-style dress tonally blending with the skyscrapers to the ‘ north ’ .	1
She might be able to see a blurred shape .	0
Extensive use of line drawings , schematic diagrams , algorithmic lists is desirable , and where prose is used this also should be structured into short sentences with meaningful separation into paragraphs .	1
do n't they until they get into power ?	1
Mm another girl , I know .	0
Salford Keys .	0
She leaps from an architectural monument to a phallocentric world .	1
Hill expresses the way time has cheated them : his daughter was born while he was remanded in custody , and is now 14 : ‘ She would change dramatically and I did n't feel a change in myself mentally .	1
Radiation readings are taken every hour at each station and are transmitted to a central computer which analyses the data .	0
Bit of a	0
Where is that ? ’	1
Nice .	0
Does n't help with the dark ceiling , that soaks it up does n't it ?	1
‘ In time , yes .	1
Perhaps I should have tried harder too .	0
And now it approached .	1
Turnover was held at £228.6million , an rise of about £2million , by the earlier contribution from tyre distribution and the US replacement .	1
And you ?	0
Labour ‘ would keep tight rein on spending ’	1
"The later history of the Daily Express suggests not : when the Express became hostile in the 1920s , Younger raged "" when I think of the large sum of money this office has put into that gutter print it makes my blood boil "" ."	1
Cos mummy only just come down for breakfast .	0
What do you want me to do ?	0
A simple integration will yield A if J is given .	1
Oh well	0
Bloody handy in the circumstances . ’	1
The building society will be staffing a mortgage desk at each auction , and says buyers could arrange finance there and then , subject of course to proof of income and status .	1
What day is it ?	0
Contrast this with the position in jurisdictions where there are three or more degrees of homicide : pleas of guilty to first- and second-degree murders would be less frequent , since there would be the possibility of argument in court ( if no bargain was struck beforehand between prosecution and defence ) , and the defence might succeed in persuading the jury to reduce the degree of the killing .	1
Inevitably , therefore , war on the grand scale as fought by princes bore little resemblance in practice to the feuds of lesser men .	1
You let me go rabitting on … .	1
Although summarized as an alcohol education course , the sessions are not just concerned with giving information but also with enabling participants to make practical use of it .	1
Yes	0
Throughout 1980 and 1981 debates about the riots in the media , in Parliament , and in various official reports hinged around the interrelationship between racial , law-and-order , and social factors .	1
I want it to be a surprise . ‘	0
Eh ?	0
The evaluation of error propagation is a matter of considerable significance in the environmental monitoring and settlements and infrastructure fields .	0
a normal person but er	0
Those two add ?	1
I do n't want them all up there	0
Now Buzz grunted , ‘ Look what I tore out of the Daily Mail . ’	0
Frederica informed him from the catalogue that the vegetation was supposed to be a jocular portrait by Gauguin of Madeleine , the pears her breasts , the dense flowers her hair .	1
Fig. 3 .	0
Size provides a cushion to the vicissitudes of markets but it creates other problems .	1
Just a couple	1
Almost as a logical outcome of this media blitz , it emerged in the summer of 1990 that Madonna , already a devotee of Kahlo 's work , was commissioning a screenplay based on Kahlo 's life .	1
She 'd have to get the next one .	1
The classic western TV series were filmed in back-lots , or in the semi-desert 20 miles from Los Angeles .	0
That proposal , if implemented , would shift almost all the decision-making in homicide cases from the trial to the sentencing stage : the only issue of any consequence in most cases would be the sentence to be imposed , and all the distinctions now drawn at the stage of criminal liability would be reflected in the sentence alone .	1
Erm especially	0
This not only provides flexibility in the use of man-power , it also improves communication .	1
If the cross-section happens to be smaller at a certain place , then the forces are larger there than at the neighbouring cross-sections , so the beam will be further constricted , etc. , leading to the so-called sausage instability ( Fig. 3.3(a) ) .	1
Well that 's nothing to do with me !	1
He did not even see an English newspaper .	0
From out of nowhere , Ruth remembered Dick Parker : but not , this time , the pleasure of her union with him , only the pain it had brought her on the Christmas Eve following .	1
He did not want to be reminded of home and the only paper he even glanced at was the International Herald Tribune , a copy of which Anne found on the beach .	0
He had felt , perhaps , briefly , the power of the survivor .	1
He 'd never been one to exercise an over-imagination , yet the conditions were like the feeling of a tomb — of an interment .	1
Yeah , and pull out some special	1
I want to stay with Edward .	0
Here are Phil .	0
Its significance lies in its double message : that the aim of the Palestinian struggle is the establishment of Palestinian independence , and that this independence is regarded as being not at Israel 's expense .	1
Do n't think you can get away with it just because you 've always got away with everything , since you set that nursemaid 's apron alight . ’	1
‘ As were ours , ’ snapped back Sorge .	1
For daring to come at all , she was cut from the Kirov team .	1
The cost of the bid to Tiphook is put at £2million , which it says will have only a minor impact on full year results .	1
Dangermond gives several examples in his paper including the use of NETWORK for the allocation of emergency vehicles , optimum routeing of fire engines from garages to the accident scene and the movement of spills through sewers and river networks .	0
Mike started to stride up and down the room .	1
It would be a criticism if I was doing it to impoverish myself ’ .	0
Ripping yarns and moral minefields : Allan and Janet talk Ahlberg talk to Celia Dodd about their bestsellers for children	1
Recently the life habits of the giants have been looked at in a way that disproves most of these traditional notions .	1
Yeah cos my mum will be here then .	0
How many think of the credit column .	1
The socio-economic consequences of sea-level rise ;	0
You 're not supposed to say but	0
‘ discovered ’ .	1
Certainly , something on this ship is . ’	0
I do n't want any breakfast . ’	0
Muldoon poured the coffee .	0
Descended from an Aztec mother goddess , Llorona is a long-suffering mother figure , symbolic in a wider sense of the trauma of the Spanish invasion .	1
The cost of providing the start-up equipment is in the order of £10,000 and Mr Dobbs thinks space is not much of a problem : ‘ There 's usually the village hall or an empty shop . ’	0
Nanny !	0
You have to somewhere .	0
You got the first one you could see .	0
ate it all up .	0
I mean er she , they were n't	0
Barton worked a sixteen-hour day , which began with careful , detailed consideration of the trading figures and key ratios for every one of his forty-three major shops and the output of both factories , and continued , usually by helicopter , with a detailed aerial survey of a particular area as the quick way of identifying new sites , interspersed with unheralded descents on the manager of any shop he took a fancy to visit .	1
The dressing gown had proved to be a long , stylish , ankle-length duster coat which was loosely woven from a delicate white cotton .	0
And do n't try and get the door open . ’	0
Container group Tiphook yesterday said it was still confident of winning its joint £643million bid for Sea Containers even though the battle has swung towards James Sherwood 's ferries-to-trailers combine .	1
when	0
But they are very very friendly .	0
‘ Keep your voice down , ’ Adam growled .	1
Allocation determines which arcs in the network will be allocated to a particular node or centre ; districting makes it possible to outline rapidly sets of polygons in order to define specific areas of interest ( districts ) and to summarize their characteristics ; routeing provides a minimum path algorithm through the network , the arcs of which can be assigned weights according to road conditions , road capacity and so on .	0
As we have already implied , GIS has a role to play in all aspects of hazard research , from hazard monitoring , risk assessment and emergency planning to coping with an event and evaluating its consequences .	0
I 'm fifty and have a long way to go .	1
Erm , erm	0
Yeah yeah .	0
You 're sixty-one and have been looking forward to retirement .	1
It 's alright Phil , I 'll have him .	0
This one could not .	1
Soon they all stood side by side , one of the younger policemen coughing involuntarily .	0
No this is one	1
I am telling you about this … to remind you that one can try to give an impression of anguish without aiming straight at the historic Garden of Gethsemane	1
I 'll leave that out .	0
We have no choice in the matter .	1
Come on , give Auntie Pauline a nice smile .	1
Well they give you all these bloody tips and papers about what to do , to avoid this and avoid that .	1
If you wan na take it that way .	1
The terminology in this field is not standardised .	1
As the need for more extensive , high-resolution yet consistent and up-to-date data becomes more pressing , increased use of remote sensing seems inevitable .	0
Did you know that ?	1
She gasped in amazement .	1
First , it would bring Britain into line with the best European practice , notably in Germany where local , regional and federal labour courts handle problems in a fair , dispassionate way based on law , precedent and judicial expertise in the labour field .	1
Can I have some marmalade please ?	0
Similarly , campaigning in the field imposed an increasing financial burden .	1
It was Shiva who had proposed the site .	0
, toast in my	0
Well if I had a million invested , have it all invested .	0
""" Oh , I 'm in my element ."	1
Tesco 's are probably cheaper .	0
The storm was abating rapidly , the evening sky clearing in the west with the golden rays of the setting sun adding a dying colour to the sullen slate blue water .	1
oh admittedly no .	0
Family achievements and disappointments .	0
He 's not .	0
do you have to	0
The authors examine both near-surface sites and deep repositories ( which use more restricted population criteria and allow offshore locations to enter ) .	0
You did .	0
In the foyer of the Clanrickard Club , Mike Grant leaned against the wall at the bottom of a double-sided curving staircase .	0
The vector potential is not a popular variable among engineers , maybe because it is not directly measurable .	1
If you lose money , that 's tough .	1
I 'd be left without you .	1
It is n't	0
A bit chilly is it ?	0
I 'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that this is a young man 's game . ’	1
How can the process of state building be developed ?	1
Labour law will always reflect the balance of power in society , and a fully fledged labour court system will not remove class and fundamental employer-employee differences .	1
Obituary : Thomas Keller	0
Going into fours .	1
you ?	0
Oh I do n't know ma !	0
Alright	0
No , it 's ten sixes .	0
Look here , there is another question that comes to mind .	1
normal news .	0
People people were running away from you .	1
She boasted a harpoon walkway , a flybridge , and , above the highest wheel-platform , an aluminium canopy which held a radar aerial .	1
Two multiplication	0
Right , what do you think ?	0
Well that	1
When we 've had half a whole , I 'm thinking half a whole	0
You crafty cow !	1
When you 're feeling keen I said , you can do a lot and then	1
Then I went to the bank .	0
In this process of state building , many stages have been covered .	1
And does nan walk or have a wheelchair ?	0
Go on , you do lovely smiles .	1
But it really hit her this year , we felt quite disgruntled	1
Six ?	0
‘ Perhaps it 's old Montezuma 's revenge , ’ he replied .	0
It 's not good manners .	0
It was good !	0
Paul will do as I say .	0
So what 's changed ? ’	0
Jamie asked , anxiously .	0
He had heard that expression before .	1
No doubt Smith , the Oxford University Australian , who won five caps for the Wallabies , will feel a bit closer to home facing the All Blacks twice in the next 11 days .	1
You might expect them to rush to La Mama 's aid .	1
Earlier this month , preliminary findings from an investigation by Kenneth Randall found that the Gooda Walker agency may have overstated its syndicates ' profits between 1981 and 1988 through the use of time and distance policies , about which it had failed to inform its auditors in at least one syndicate .	1
Techniques for the valuation of environmental resources and effects ;	0
Into these large numbers of local conflicts were subsumed .	1
Something worried her about that thought .	1
Yeah , that fucking England should have won that !	1
It points to the impact that the findings of global environmental research are likely to have on most sectors of the UK economy .	1
Christ , he must 've been good . ’	0
Two weeks .	0
The Independent on Sunday , 8th April 1990 , p. 37 .	0
Peter Yeo , who knew him in this over-candid , over-emphatic mood , decided to prod gently .	1
Just like the American Express advertisement .	0
That 's a sweet little village	1
With all this , small wonder it also has tourists .	1
For the moment let us use the above expression for deriving Biot-Savart 's law .	1
In the early 1980s , at a time when manufacturing industry was collapsing and the outlook for the unskilled looked particularly bleak , frustration boiled over in a series of riots in London , Bristol , Birmingham , Liverpool , and elsewhere .	1
We 're not going in the car are we ?	0
you walk on crutches for the rest of your life .	0
In recent years the probation service has devoted increasing resources to supervising the more serious and persistent offenders .	1
Yes yes	0
Mark asked .	0
He glared at his brother .	1
Oh , where are you from ?	0
Four of the absentees suffered the squirming discomfort of being among the Welsh squad .	1
Gerald .	0
Catch them young .	1
‘ Well , very worried .	1
Football : Hazard hints at the missing gifts	1
Computer power is becoming cheaper , digital data more readily available , and GISs are becoming hybrid systems involving other technologies .	0
Hang on !	1
No it 's not now .	0
Mr Hattersley said giving disproportionate power to small , minority centre parties would not improve democracy .	1
For most systems the manual is best divided into parts as indicated in Table 1.17 .	1
The role of GIS in hazard management scenarios — examples	0
of months after we got that	1
More problematic is the way in which such a dislocation has led to the acceptance of her ‘ Mexicanness ’ as mere decoration of the essentially feminist themes of her work , thereby defusing a substantial part of the art described by Breton as a ‘ ribbon round a bomb ’ .	1
The Government 's post-1987 initiatives have , to some extent , reflected a diagnosis based on the need for better management — though on the principle that central authorities can provide a firmer grip than local ones — but combined with an anti-collectivist belief in the restorative powers of capitalism .	1
She fell asleep to the sound of music drifting upwards from the drawing-room .	1
Are you a prospective parent ? ’	0
Some agencies deduct it every month , others want it all up front , so shop around .	1
wants a whole do n't are they ?	0
Leinster face an uphill task .	1
In here .	0
Precautions are the symptoms of small and fearful minds .	1
Assessing those effects of global change which will be large scale and cause major modifications to both renewable and non-renewable resources .	0
It will work	1
‘ And tell me , sweet creature , do you count as a toy ?	1
The little pratt	0
she 's got , on the , yeah	0
‘ Oh , thank you !	0
The document , and the legislation that derived from it , pointed to a positively discriminatory approach : with both central and local government supplementing existing programmes in such a way as to strengthen local economies , as well as the physical and social environment .	1
Communists allow burial of Montenegro 's last king	0
Bubye .	0
Tiphook confident .	1
I found it was possible with Paradise to talk about individual and personal responsibility , something which if set in a contemporary context would have had a preachy feel about it . ’	1
Natural hazards	0
Before he succeeded Balfour then , Law was not associated with any of the features that were to characterize his party leadership ; his contribution was to use the leadership in the service of all of these causes , to make himself the spokesman for the most spirited sections of the party .	1
MAKING SENSE OF THE 1981 RIOTS	1
Why have you got the sound up on the telly then ?	1
‘ The organisation will be wound up .	1
Shops like greengrocers and chippies , with pitiful cash takings , were routinely subjected to armed robberies with shotguns , balaclavas — the whole bit .	1
The facts .	0
The first three chapters dealing with environmental monitoring , natural and technological hazards and settlements and infrastructure applications make use of a very wide range of geographic information .	1
Vogue , February 1990 , p. 138 .	0
In discussing the boundaries of murder , we are concerned with classification , not exculpation .	1
Just a minute darling it 's alright I can afford to buy you a packet of Polos .	0
Did you win any money today ?	0
In years to come the percentage difference is likely to be much larger .	1
And our boys been there have n't they ?	0
I 've had the	0
You could either have a ten or a twelve pound	0
Frankfurt : FAZ index : 695.74 ( 684.01 ) .	0
It 's ever so nice .	0
Round	0
Find the Englishman .	0
Brown demonstrates the extent to which the growth of research activities in this field has led to the emergence of improved cluster analytic methods for the multidimensional classification of people according to the type of area in which they live .	0
Faith in Sir David 's leadership was restored .	1
Unpaid !	0
Students , yeah I know .	0
Would you agree with that or I find that hard to believe .	1
After they 'd gone , Forster felt the silence physically settle around him .	1
Polo .	0
56 Fossil root , Stigmaria ficoides , Carboniferous .	0
The possibilities sketched above relate to emergency planning , the search for hazardous sites , and risk assessment .	0
They completely ran away .	0
You know .	0
Rheumatism , arthritis , those are their great worries	1
I know what you mean .	0
Most of the workers in telecottages and many of the users are women .	0
Said Happy Birthday	1
He saw a mass of freckles — sometimes melding into sixpenny-sized brown patches of warmth — moving over the hard frame of cheekbones and brow .	1
Beryl Verne-Smith peered , but the picture immediately vanished .	0
I know you !	0
My Dress … again suggests a conflict , but the ambivalence is gone .	1
‘ I 'll help , Mrs Cranbrook , ’ Ruth agreed .	0
Obnoxious	0
Arsenal were stitched and stuffed , with no question of a fluke .	1
The couple still maintain close links with local schools , where they spend hours researching , sketching and absorbing jokes .	1
‘ You said they were out of the country .	0
She might .	0
The third section looks at the faltering progress towards integrated services .	1
The Chernobyl disaster caused environmental damage across Europe ;	0
Can you wipe your hands please cos you 'll get sticky all over the piano	0
Canals within the algae stand out as rods in this kind of preservation , which is common in Ordovician rocks .	1
And then she said er when she	0
He looked up and smiled .	0
a sunny day	0
Yes , I accept that .	1
And I 'd look on the field and it was his brother who 'd been tackled . ’	0
‘ Why would they want to go back there ? ’	0
Finally , in all applications fields , the findings of the reviews above suggest that there is a need for improvements in user interfaces of all kinds .	0
Aye , that 's right .	1
Results of running this with different scenarios include ‘ time slice ’ maps of possible outcomes and of the exchange of material and energy within the study area .	0
Let puritans and pessimists damn , disapprove or dismiss these appetites ; that is their loss .	1
Perhaps the most successful maker is Peugeot , with a complete range of cars from the small 205 — around £3,000 for a 90,000-mile 1985 car — to the legendary 504 estate , about £2,000 for a 1982 example .	1
we just stopped and bloke	0
We 're confusing her now cos	0
So they flourished everywhere .	1
However the map does require more intellectual effort than does the routine not only in making decisions about how to proceed but also in filtering out the required information from the massive irrelevance ( for a particular task ) which is equally available .	1
I do n't .	0
Nell knew , and not only because she was a female of the same species .	0
eaten my dinner ?	0
Do you know that ?	1
Sorry about that .	1
That was Vicki 's	0
Well our milkman , to be honest with you , it got to the stage where he would n't collect milk at night to collect the cash at night .	1
It was within this kind of environment that chivalry flourished , that young men learned to identify , their vassalage towards their lord as a symbol of their honour , that they debated the relative merits of Roland 's and Oliver 's way of displaying loyalty ; and that they learned the finer points of jousting .	1
The Liberal Unionists were admitted to the Carlton Club and a longstanding source of tension was eradicated .	1
Miranda pushed home this advantage .	1
Suddenly I 'm hungry .	0
When he collaborated directly with her in opera the result was of historical significance .	1
Here , in our view , is a classic case of the absence of a geographical input rendering the data of limited value .	1
With busy pomposity Lewis dictated it to a typist and would have gone on and on had he not been diplomatically restrained .	1
Does she ?	0
There were also some lines intended for local consumption : ‘ Higher petrol prices from the Liberal Democrats … that 's not gon na help a rural area …	1
Perhaps , well if it 's snowing it wo n't be quite the same .	0
Many had an ‘ ethnic ’ dimension , in the sense that many of the rioters were black .	1
Will you sit down on your bottom	0
So in this case the different sources of evidence all point in the same direction , whether derived from a detailed consideration of the way the trilobite is constructed , or by analogy with living animals with similar adaptations , or from the evidence of the rocks or the distribution of the fossils .	1
By the mid-80s they had all gone the way of the buffalo : extinct save for preservation in the national park of permanent re-runs .	1
Hmm I have	0
Only a bit .	1
Go on , Dimitri . ’	1
"I went to the King 's Carol Service . """	0
No just	0
He sat by Abigail 's cot , not wanting to remember , but knowing that now he must .	0
Ah , that 's that done .	1
And the stuff ripping out the front .	0
A major complication , however , is that the environment can rarely be treated as in a laboratory experiment .	0
I do n't know , I mean I do n't	0
what twenty ?	0
Taking the specific argument about the role of drugs and ‘ drug barons ’ in stimulating the riots , this seems to have served two purposes .	1
These high trees stand out against an evening sky with violet stripes on a yellow ground , which higher up turns into pink , into green .	1
This problem has spread to the UK .	1
Early research at the NWRRL focused on developing a GIS for use by the police and county emergency planning officers in Cumbria that would aid in the management of a possible explosion at a chemical factory in Whitehaven , west Cumbria ( Vincent et al. 1988 ; Dunn 1989 ) .	0
Henning Albrechsten reckons that it takes three years for a telecottage to be able to function without subsidy .	1
The 1990s have witnessed a shift in the art establishment 's attitudes towards art produced outside of its traditional parameters .	1
When it 's sort of	0
they re , revamped it or whatever .	0
‘ It could be anywhere .	0
""" First you must look at the pictures ."	0
The manager 's attitude shows why they are champions .	1
Matthews ( 1989 ) has used data from the Regional Cancer Registry ( morbidity rather than mortality data ) and data on trace elements to examine this link .	0
That 's not a bad thing in a way is it ?	1
( She pleads not guilty . )	0
We 've got a similar one on ours .	0
the first .	0
"This is my scene . """	1
Ah but that was n't on before was it ?	1
Just over .	1
He turned on me like a snake .	1
Sorry ?	0
‘ Everybody is busy with this and that — as if food was n't the most important thing ! ’	1
Perhaps the best atmosphere around , with uninhibited dancing and whelping .	1
The Long Road Home	1
and two addition .	1
I crashed	0
‘ Nonsense , Mark .	0
That would have the merit of simplicity , but would it strike the right note socially ?	1
Telly .	0
We 'll have to go and collect it , put it in a vase on the side .	0
The fourth section examines the formidable barriers that were posed by reorganisation of social services , local authority cuts and the demise of the Inner London Education Authority .	1
Something hidden behind the more obvious sentiment .	1
That 's actually gone , been reduced now to	1
What Mrs Strawson or Ms Beauchamp ?	0
Having put the cat among the pigeons , made mischief in his special way , he was lying low now and waiting .	1
In reply Roy Hattersley supported the call for the immediate suppression of street violence , but warned that the roots of such riots could not be dealt with until all people felt they had a stake in British society ( ibid. : cols. 1407–9 )	1
It was his , all of it , and it went to his head rather .	1
Top of the Pops stuff does n't , in the sense that people who like to go and see live music do n't people who like that kind of music prefer the prefer it in a	1
These flowers have five oval petals , finely veined .	1
Well you 'd only need one .	0
Hazard research	0
The most serious consequence of the accountancy view of man-power is that high level policy decision-making does not give this factor sufficient weight .	1
It would be a natural extension of the Intifada 's dual strategy towards disengagement from Israel , and the corresponding process of state building .	1
After the next change in dynasty , Thierry and Philip of Alsace strengthened their shaky claim to the comital position by attaining for themselves the prestige attached to being the outstanding crusaders of their generation .	1
Yeah that is it .	1
You do n't have to have	0
He wondered if Rufus had children and if so did he worry about them coming to terrible harm the way Adam worried ?	1
I know that .	1
Like any house that 's demanding , idiosyncratic , small and truly experimental , it 's in trouble — $150,000 in the red , with the serious prospect of closing .	1
She was no longer in the habit of being late : her life had schooled her to temporal accuracy , perhaps to being considerate .	1
A part of the myth just did n't work after that . ’	1
Let us hope that G1S can , in some small way , help mitigate the suffering and hardship felt by all those afflicted by the effects of hazards which , as we have learnt with bitter recent experience in the UK , can occur in an untimely fashion in the most improbable of places .	0
Risking the dismay of circuit engineers some theoreticians do , in fact , refer to eqn ( 3.35 ) as Ohm 's law .	1
He does n't like either	0
Marking out boundaries .	0
‘ Three .	0
He was .	0
By definition and design intention routines are inflexible .	1
SLOSH is able to estimate still water surge by grid cell for various hurricane intensities , angles of approach to the shoreline , forward movement speeds and landfall locations .	0
Be bath time in about fifteen minutes .	1
He rushes to Borg	0
That one needs	1
If you 're going in er if you 're going in that direction hmm ?	1
In situations of this kind provisions governing access and format may exert powerful constraints on the use that can be made of these data .	1
Only visitors and VIPs got that special reception .	1
There is more at stake here than just bringing boxes of sophisticated equipment to remote areas .	1
And , and , number five down down .	0
That 's not my artwork on there , that 's my little niece 's artwork .	0
Really really	0
Kessell ( 1988 ) describes a PC-based GIS called PREPLAN ( PRistine Environment Planning LANguage ) which is a natural area management , land-use planning and fire modelling system developed for the Australian National Parks and Wildlife Service , PREPLAN comprises four modules : a simple raster-based GIS ; a grid cell resource database ; a wide range of vegetation , fuel , fire behaviour , erosion and land-use models ; tabular , statistical and colour graphics output system .	0
‘ You 're a twin ? ’	0
Probation practice is not , however , solely concerned with the establishment of rules .	1
Well , I 'm not a cider expert .	0
No such restriction should apply to our large-eyed species ; it should be found with all other different kinds of trilobite assemblages without preference .	1
Who 's that ?	0
Interestingly , under these conditions A has an effect on certain quantum-mechanical phenomena	1
You love it really do n't you ?	0
Southworth et al. ( 1989 ) have enhanced the MASSVAC model with the addition of a colour graphics module which they call MVOPL .	0
We just assumed that certain charge carriers moved with certain velocities .	1
‘ How bad is the damage ? ’	0
Do n't tell me you were too ?	0
And the disturbances could not strictly be called racial : the most prominent feature was that of violent clashes between young people and the police .	1
Which one ?	0
Er end of .	0
Do you usually do that ?	0
Exhausted .	1
Because their nasal openings were on the top of their heads they could even continue to breathe if it became necessary ( see p. 115 ) to totally submerge .	0
‘ If they do work , that is wonderful — but we have no way of knowing for sure .	1
Westerns are no longer a cheap option .	0
And and then they all	0
Finally , with Arsenal pressing hard , he clawed away Quinn 's careful header from Thomas 's drag-back .	1
Delaney turned to Nell .	0
AN IMPASSIONED appeal for Labour to back electoral reform was made by a leading Shadow Cabinet member yesterday after the national executive decided overwhelmingly to oppose a proportional representation motion .	1
From The Rev J. GILMORE	0
The markets .	1
Pandora 's Box ?	1
""" Now , look at the pictures . """	0
No , not that .	0
From	0
Digital data occupy a central position in this applications field and a number of examples are given to illustrate the extent to which their development has been hampered or facilitated in various countries by the policies of the organizations with responsibility for digital data provision .	0
You hungry ?	0
But generally pop , poppy type	0
To be sure there was still a strong response opposing Enoch Powell 's call for repatriation , from all shades of political opinion , but the racialization of public debate about the 1985 riots went much further than 1980–1 .	1
To add the part-time education and training statistics to those figures does not improve our relative position .	1
Issue will be taken with the appropriateness of applying the concept of punishment to the probation context through reference to a demanding and successful probation project concerned with offenders in trouble through drink .	1
‘ When the pressure comes on , players revert to bad habits , ’ Ryan said .	1
Thus far , for instance , accuracies of land cover ( let alone what is often needed , i.e. land use ) determined from Landsat and SPOT imagery for the UK have rarely been higher than 70 per cent unless trivial classifications ( e.g. built/unbuilt land ) have been used .	0
The words , in that round childish script , had remained with him .	1
Granddad that 's right .	1
It is a nice size is n't it ?	0
Well it 's it , last day of week	0
Clearly , the research demands access to exceptionally good environmental data , usually in three dimensions .	0
Losing was one thing but to lose as spinelessly as the Welsh XV did to Bridgend on Saturday was to add insult to severely injured pride .	1
FROM this month , all new cars submitted for British type approval , the test which allows them to be legally sold in the UK , must be able to run on lead-free petrol .	1
What day ?	0
building .	0
He 's a novice .	1
‘ Bormann .	0
Its creator and executive producer is , perhaps surprisingly , David Jacobs .	0
In high spirits , his father was talking about the immense advances made in forensic science in recent years .	1
He decided to wipe the smile off his face .	1
I brought for Andy did n't you ?	0
Well you would n't dare leave your car parked .	0
‘ Perhaps it would be better if it did . ’	0
The increased scale of operations also ushered in another fashion of the 1980s — new management structures .	1
from the estate agents .	0
He then ordered a car to call for him the next morning for a similar occasion and was felled by a stroke while waiting for the lift .	1
for about four pound	1
I spoke to that was Monday night , yeah , she 's been head of department , did I tell you that ?	1
Well yes	0
You 're not going anywhere , you 're staying here	0
‘ Oh , not too bad , ’ he replied wearily .	0
‘ You said three o'clock .	0
He certainly held deep convictions as to the absolute wrongness of the Liberal policies that he opposed , but at least a part of his apparent hostility was assumed for the occasion , a hard line that might secure a better compromise in the end .	1
We were happy .	0
The biogeochemical system embraces the totality of the movements of the key elements essential to life — carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorus and others — through what has been described as the total earth system .	0
She was n't touched .	0
There is no half-way house .	1
Wait !	0
Do n't you see ?	1
The trouble was the transverse corridor just outside the room .	0
I 've got my keys .	0
The party was in a mutinous condition in November 1911 and there was no apparent successor who would have even half of Balfour 's political gifts .	1
Scientists click over a way to save dolphins	1
He took an omelette .	0
Hopa .	0
Mummy	0
Here you are .	0
Come on Phil !	1
In 1964 the All Blacks defeated Leinster 11-5 , they won 17-8 in 1972 and scraped home 8-3 in 1974 .	1
You did n't say anything about that	1
You were bringing scientists and others into America just as we were .	0
Oh well the French .	0
Under pressure from Satra , Kirov told singers to choose between the companies .	1
That will be the guiding light of the next Labour government .	1
It is as enjoyable as feeling gently hungry or amorous .	1
Well to me no .	1
Going to see to see ghosts	0
In that kind of free market he thrived and survived — and so will the best of his work .	1
And what about ?	1
‘ But they did .	0
Quietly .	0
For many terrestrial purposes , however , a substantial inference process must take place to convert the radiometric measurements into useful information ( in contrast , more direct measurements of sea state , etc. are possible ) .	0
and could ask if publications can	0
The nature of environmental processes	0
For their part , Leinster are boosted by the presence of four players already selected for Ireland to play New Zealand in Dublin on November 18 .	1
Adam would have preferred to phone for a hire car but Lewis would n't hear of it .	0
Thirty four !	0
Yeah that 's alright .	1
It is concerned with the relative magnitudes of electric and magnetic forces .	1
one woman , sorry , that literally ran away from us .	0
And anything else up to about forty five-ish .	1
Glasses .	0
Confronted with the need to proceed ,	1
Please That does n't mean much , does it ?	1
He had to get rid of it .	0
In this chapter some of the ways in which palaeontologists determine the way fossil animals lived are described , reanimating the dead fragments to build up a living creature .	1
The procedure can be computerised , there are programmes available for the easy production , manipulation and storage of block diagrams with useful cross-referencing facilities .	1
I mean Yeah I say , or you could have a taller fridge .	0
These do not have to be biologically related organisms .	1
That 's right , yes .	1
Seven nines are sixty three !	0
Ah .	0
In the right place ( possibly New York , but San Francisco is better ) , the Martini is the ultimate ‘ Thank God it 's Friday ’ drink .	0
Or that my mind , which I consider intelligent and creative , is occupied only with sex , violence and car engines ?	1
And it 's only a quid to get in and it 's a pound , pound a pint .	0
‘ Did the organization extend to America ? ’	1
How soon ?	0
Poplar leaves have an elegant outline resembling that of an arab minaret .	1
Rugby Union : Welsh horizon all turns black	1
‘ Two , four , six passengers ?	0
I know !	0
Wine is not quenching , but no less in demand for that .	1
your dad .	0
‘ The man you want to see , ’ I said , ‘ is called Matthew McIllvanney and his office is the pink building with the outside staircase .	0
Surprisingly , fog is the third most important hazard in Europe after floods and volcanoes .	0
Daddy !	0
For me , that was a total turn-off . ’	1
A row of epic proportions had ensued , which he and Angela had evidently enjoyed but which had left Sarah and Jennifer sick with distress .	1
It has employed a dual strategy to achieve these two objectives .	1
Please can I have my twenty five I 'm owed for like two weeks ?	0
These influences laid the foundations for the blend of the naive and the sophisticated which is the hallmark of Thomson 's maturity .	1
Trade and global change .	0
E VEN at this late hour , psephology , demographics and luck suggest that the Tories could still emerge as the biggest single party in a hung Parliament .	1
I agree with you .	1
He felt the look of disbelief pass between the Exec Director and the DDA .	1
The positive sense of the integration path is defined relative to the positive current direction according to the usual right-hand convention .	1
So your dad sent a cheque .	0
But the child looked grossly overburdened and ought not to be so far from home .	0
‘ Thirty thousand .	0
Oh nearly there .	0
Fine .	1
It might be or it might not .	0
The Pennines fairly shook .	1
ai n't he ?	0
MORE than 800 Lloyd 's of London members on syndicates managed by the loss-making Gooda Walker agency have failed in their legal attempt to prevent Lloyd 's and members ' agents from drawing down their funds .	1
He was aware that he was not managing to sound exactly like a senior officer making a recent arrival feel at home , but decided not to add any further riders to his invitation .	1
Observing and improving our understanding of dominant forcing functions ;	0
Catching up with what they thought they 'd lost . ’	1
For example , on high policy common opinion said that there was nothing for it but to stay in the ERM .	1
The female soil possessed and misused by the masculine force of the Spanish invaders .	1
Designed products and marketed and sold them .	0
they 've , that 's it , they do have to take them on to	1
This desire that can not find its name ( though it would dare speak it , if it could ) is pleasurable .	1
It is invariably better to provide material diagrammatically , systematically or at least in well-structured short paragraphs rather than in flowing prose .	1
Leave him alone !	1
The masses are being engaged in the craft of state-masonry .	1
Party organization provided the easiest advances because it was the only area entirely under the party 's control .	1
Something weird is happening there .	0
I shouted breakfast is ready and then I started my breakfast , cos you had gone upstairs were n't you ?	0
That 's the stairway .	0
after erm	0
‘ But we leave tomorrow ! ’ she exclaimed .	0
‘ It looks so different , ’ she said .	0
The design of manuals	1
Ca n't go any higher .	1
I know for investment	1
Two addition questions .	1
A lot of the argument among the authorities on these animals is about the equivalence or otherwise of certain bones in dinosaurs and bird skeletons ( and particularly the Jurassic bird Archaeopteryx ) ; this makes for rather dry reading for the layman .	1
By ‘ risk ’ we understand ‘ the likelihood of a specified undesired event occurring within a specified period or in specified circumstances ’ ( Health and Safety Executive 1989 : 30 ) .	0
The hole in the head , ai n't you ?	1
‘ How about a bit of generosity ? ’	1
Oh she did , you know .	0
‘ That point about the core business is very unfair , ’ he says .	1
That right ? ’ he challenged Sorge .	1
A user may have a deep knowledge of business problems , but knowing little about computers , has no idea how they should be tackled .	1
The major auction houses have moved with the times and have found new ways of selling works which in both form and content would have proved an unstable investment a decade ago .	1
The result would be that killings were classified and labelled in a more refined way , but at the cost of lengthy trials and mounting legal-aid bills .	1
Have you got any ?	0
This , yes we 're taking over a couple of	0
Howard Keizner , of Landlords , said : ‘ There were a lot of complications with this particular letting and management . ’	1
To proceed from the reconstruction to an assessment of probable life habits two different but complementary approaches are used .	1
Public relations job or something similar .	0
see .	1
As princes saw it , it was a just war in the fullest sense of the term ; those who were slaughtered in its battles were regarded as among the martyrs of the church .	1
Andy Pandy for What was that ?	0
We wish to be unharmed , in our own state .	1
Her priorities include giving more encouragement to medical research ; emphasis on preventive health to make the NHS a ‘ health as well as a sickness service ’ , with the publication shortly of new national targets for reducing deaths from heart disease and cancers ; and pressing ahead with care in the community .	1
the bloody hell do you have to do !	1
By 1990 , IGBP had progressed as far as defining a set of seven core projects ( IGBP 1990 ) addressing these four themes .	0
‘ Shut up . ’	0
Good gracious me .	0
These two contrasting events emphasize the central fact that even natural hazards are not defined solely by the characteristics of the event but by the interaction of those events with the human occupation of the threatened area .	0
Same as me .	0
Rightie oh oh .	0
You also grew up watching Grandfather 's clients literally get away with murder . ’	1
I ca n't	0
Political consciousness is low on the Meadowell Estate .	1
The vectorial product v X B gives an inward force in the radial direction .	1
A hissing , We gas escaping , ending with a funny little squeak .	1
Or are you Lucy de Sills ’ son ? ’	0
and more and more people chooses more and more	0
Erm is fifteen .	0
Yep , thank you very much .	0
so I have this pleasant surprise when I	1
‘ The Lucy Ghosts . ’	1
But in every other conceivable way that action was entirely wrong .	1
When I used to bring my wife	0
In Kahlo 's painting , the figure falls from the fantasy world she has inhabited to the harsh bloodspattered reality of the street , literally coming down to earth .	1
North Tyneside council says it is too starved of funds by central government to do much .	1
Well I can hear it now .	0
There 's not much of me but .	0
Prestige comes in the shape of a Mercedes with the 240D or ‘ Stuttgart Taxi ’ , commanding £7,000 but returning unfailing reliability .	1
The contrast with the united front Louis VI and his troops presented to the emperor Henry V in 1124 was marked .	1
Post-war reconstruction and housing programmes seemed to do nothing to prevent , and seemed even to encourage , a rise in crime and mental illness .	1
Does it does it	0
None at all he said .	0
Georgina was nodding agreement .	0
‘ Trimmler 's dead . ’	0
What thing ?	0
And I said , well I 'll put it back in the fridge and she said no , she said take it home she said	0
Aware of practitioners ' frustration in not being able to work effectively with these problematic clients , Probation management , in partnership with the voluntary sector , determined to develop an Alcohol Education Course ( AEC ) .	1
As this is been shared by lines int it ?	1
Nolte , Midler , and Crystal do n't even win Oscars .	0
A chemical fire in Switzerland caused toxic materials to be transported by the Rhine at least as far as the Netherlands ;	0
And I said yes .	0
By Hugh Hebert	0
And you 'll get a separate room	0
Some of the original fine detail on the leaflets is preserved .	0
This chapter , then , attempts to review some of the problems in environmental monitoring and prediction , describes some of the relevant scientific and organizational activities and looks ahead to what is likely to happen next .	0
She looked beautiful in the yellow satin , the low-cut bodice tight against her slight figure , the skirt billowing out .	0
You 're not !	0
The election result has given the Conservatives five years in which to press ahead with the changes .	1
‘ Not really .	0
Oh she 's alright , she goes to school .	0
Drawing on North American experience , the Commission concluded that ‘ poor management was an important contributory factor to New York 's problems ’ , and sought to apply the same lessons here ( p. 2 ) .	1
not likely !	0
It was defunct .	0
has n't forgotten that .	1
In fact anti-racism and anti-sexism seem to come naturally to the Ahlbergs .	1
Potential Applications	1
In any major emergency a typical problem is the assignment of resources to demands .	1
We , who have so many words in our language , have none for this .	1
And sometimes non-standard discount is given , a pig to deal with on the old system , but if you could add one extra input box on that screen there …	1
Although the policy review will be endorsed by the conference , giving Neil Kinnock the freedom to go on to the offensive against the Conservatives in the run-up to the next general election , there are a number of areas of potential conflict .	1
That 's crap !	1
‘ Mark , you 're not serious ! ,	0
You fully know as an old pressman the difficulty of dealing with a big speech late at night …	1
so she I , I 'll sort you out	1
The sediments themselves reveal much about the environment of deposition , as was shown in Chapter 3 .	1
As an example , atmospheric temperature shows marked day-to-day variability , a strong seasonal cycle with some year-to-year variations , a weak minimum variability for 10–20 year averages and then increased variation again at longer time-scales ( ESSC 1988 ) .	0
It 's in your interests to clarify the situation .	1
Wales , characteristically , delayed the heel at a scrum , putting Robert Jones in trouble when the ball finally emerged .	1
Bastard Russians were still upto their old tricks .	1
Yes I do n't want to France is enormous country .	0
‘ I 've left the suit 's radio on full , ’ he said .	1
It will continue to be true to its founding principles , available to all and free at the point of delivery , ’ she said .	1
There is going to be a great deal of pain in the market place now . ’	1
‘ I 've had enough of your melodrama , ’ Adam snarled .	1
7.2 REQUIREMENTS OF CRIMINAL HOMICIDE	0
In the process it will be necessary to examine not only the extent to which geographic issues feature on the policy issues agenda in these fields but also the institutional context which governs decision-making and the extent to which data are available for research and policy analysis purposes .	1
I had to leave .	0
A passage from a novel by John O'Hara came back to Adam .	1
‘ What 's his name ? ’	0
When I change her nappy ?	0
Major changes were afoot which affected their respective bosses .	0
But something was wrong from the start .	1
It 's a lovely size kitchen .	0
‘ We have a new problem , ’ kicked off the Exec Director .	1
GIS research into site selection for non-nuclear hazardous waste has been almost exclusively conducted in North America and has yet to be matched in the UK .	0
Bristol and West claims these auctions will help to bring some action to an otherwise slow market , and says it was overwhelmed by the response from people wanting to sell in this way .	1
Software might be restricted , as in this book , to computer programs but it is sometimes used as the generic term to include all sources of information .	1
As soon as they got home , Anne started getting Abigail to bed .	0
It 's more cosy !	0
Oh that 's not too bad either is it ?	0
Up you get !	0
I sleep better	0
Women marry and change their names , he thought , there was no point in pursuing that one .	1
You want to plant them , you can help me plant them cos you 'll be around	0
Finally , it is perhaps worth concluding this section by emphasizing that there is still much controversy among the scientific community about the magnitude of many of the effects being discussed .	0
Others , such as a chemical explosion involving the release of a toxic gas , may persist for a week or more , have delayed consequences , may affect a future generation if the toxic chemical is mutagenic and may have a significant impact on plant and animal populations .	0
""" Where this time ? """	1
You little sod !	1
and Phil went round there yesterday afternoon .	1
You do n't know the area , no .	0
‘ Someone will hear you . ’	0
‘ That is bad , and must be thought about .	1
Her face burned with the shame of it .	1
‘ You 're nothing but a hired hand , Breakspear , so shut the fuck up . ’	0
She does n't want you to change her nappy does she ?	0
Now he really was human — unscripted , jokey , even a bit passionate .	0
‘ Not all of them .	0
You 're not to come down until baby !	0
‘ I 'm here , just tell me if you want anything else shifted . ’	0
That 's squeaking and creaking is n't it ?	0
I 'm	0
But he all the dirty tricks are starting now .	1
About ?	1
photographing who comes in .	0
‘ I 'm quite sure you 're right , dear .	0
Dr Runcie has gone out of his way on this visit to concede many of the doctrinal points and practices which large elements of the Church of England have traditionally found offensive in Roman Catholicism .	1
The jury should answer this by drawing inferences from the evidence in the case and from the surrounding circumstances .	1
Fine thank you .	1
Marmite	0
Where is the return ?	1
Some Frenchmen start the day with a coffee and calvados .	0
And two times four is eight .	0
Fucking so , Grundy , fucking	0
‘ Ca n't hear you .	0
Do you follow	1
NASA has announced plans to collect up to 1 terabyte ( 10&sup12 ; bytes ) day .	0
Has he ?	0
happening then .	0
This Sounness ?	1
There we go .	1
The original material of the axis shows up black against the background of the rock .	0
The 1990s have been declared the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction .	0
Something like that	1
‘ The English operative who was guarding Trimmler has taken off .	0
Jones et al. ( 1989 ) have examined the distribution of some 8500 landslides in the UK .	0
It 's it 's quite exciting really !	0
The analyst is then forced on the defensive , explaining why new features can not be included because they are technically difficult or prohibitively expensive .	1
Do you think Charlotte will eat a turkey steak with garlic and herbs ?	0
in that case , yeah .	1
Neither the Butler Education Act of 1944 , nor the introduction of comprehensive schools , prevented a high proportion of children from under-achieving .	1
In this one can draw obvious parallels to the appeal of Van Gogh , a traditionally popular artist recently made fashionable by the media attention generated during the centennial of his death .	1
How are you anyway ?	0
Armstrong seems the least permanently damaged on the surface .	1
‘ That 's true . ’	1
They held their line and competed hard in midfield , damping down Oldham 's initial verve and preparing themselves for more of the same in the second half .	1
But these two wanted to go home .	1
‘ Oh darling .	0
Rising unemployment turned a lingering and growing malaise into a crisis .	1
and he said get me a padded shirt , he said , Joycie 's getting me one he said and I want two .	0
The range of data sets involved and the demands that are made on GIS technology in applications of this kind are often more limited than those of previous applications fields .	1
The theory and practice of international agreements , viewed in a game theory context ;	0
She sings much better than she talks .	0
When are you gon na give up smoking and save some	0
Waht do you want to go to for ?	0
Amaldi dodged the American invitation , perhaps because ( with Rome liberated ) Fermi 's mantle in physics had fallen on his young shoulders and there were younger minds to teach .	1
Forster grunted .	0
Alternatively , it may be able to muster enough support from SeaCo shareholders to halt the current disposal of assets by Mr Sherwood for its bid with Stena to be fully considered .	1
Mrs Cranbrook unbent so far as to show approval .	1
Actually she did very well on one of those .	1
That 's where all these long thin ones have gone .	1
Why , though , could these supposed championship contenders not have tried to emulate the fine passing that had sprinkled the previous weekend 's Merseyside joust ?	1
In an earlier than expected Commercial Court judgment , Mr Justice Saville found that the members had not produced enough evidence of irregularities in the ‘ LMX spiral ’ , which sends catastrophe risks swirling round the market to stop the usual process of calling on cash deposits to make good syndicate losses .	1
It was all very small and quiet and low-key .	1
Austen followed .	1
A 1985 Lancia Y10 ( lead only ) sells for around £2,000 whereas the similar Fiat Uno 55 from the same year , converted to run on unleaded , is worth around £500 more .	1
Sit in the pushchair .	0
Swansea .	0
one yet .	0
Not what ?	0
Yeah , it 's I know it 's north	0
How would this test be applied ?	1
In that case both of them will move inwards under the effect of magnetic force .	1
We share a common sorrow .	1
Part of the attraction of alternative cancer treatments such as the Gerson therapy is that they allow a patient to feel more in control of the treatment .	1
There was then an open toughness about party tactics ; before the Buckingham Palace Conference in 1914 he had Central Office work out the electoral effects of excluding nine , six or four counties of Ulster from an independent Ireland the concern of a calculating pragmatist not of a bigot .	1
Research is in progress , however , to assess possible health effects of poor incineration ( Diggle et al. 1990 ) .	0
And what about orders not delivered on time ?	1
‘ They make a huge margin on a smaller turnover , Andy , out of punters like us . ’	1
Beyond that worst happening you think there can be nothing , the unimaginable has taken place , and on the other side is death , destruction , the end .	1
Unless I feel terrible about it !	1
I mean you could you could	0
If you !	0
The National Council for Voluntary Organizations ( NCVO ) has suggested from a recent survey that around 3,000 projects had been affected and had lost £285 million in funding ( MacGregor , 1990 ) .	1
We can not rid ourselves of it .	0
Barton assured him warmly that Angela had done a great job and he was now confident of getting planning permission on the vast site he had wanted .	1
What band ?	1
Sorge looked round the table , saw their undisguised curiosity .	0
The Government espouses the concept of sustainable economic development .	0
Joe give , oh yeah Joe will give you sweets wo n't he ?	0
It was not something a Russian expected to do .	0
The second , and complementary , part of the Intifada strategy concentrated on the construction of an indigenous national authority .	1
No , well you know I bought	0
The metaphor is apt , as Palestinians regard themselves as engaging in a process of giving birth to their independent Palestinian state .	1
Undoubtedly , the GISs of the 1990s will look very different from their rather primitive ancestors .	0
Earlier , the change of emphasis from a ‘ social ’ to an ‘ economic and environmental ’ focus had been reflected in a switch of responsibility for the Programme from the Home Office to the Department of the Environment .	1
There were daunting moments in last night 's First Tuesday ( Yorkshire ) , but few of them matched that hint of a jackboot under the blue serge .	1
As I see it we 've got two choices .	1
Task analysis has not and can not be reduced to a set of standardised procedures which the aspiring analyst could acquire in a formal training course .	1
That 's why	1
First we shall assume that the current density is confined to a thin wire in which case the integration variable may be changed to formula , where S is a vector normal to the cross-section , formula is the area of the cross-section , and dI is an elementary vector along the tangent of the wire .	1
He could wait six months could n't he ?	0
Nothing .	0
Since it is the equation formula that needs to be satisfied , we should choose the potential as a vector ( called , not without logic , the vector potential ) , defined by the equation formula .	1
It had got up Rufus 's nose a bit , though Adam had a perfect right to do this .	1
Hmm hmm	0
They are Brendan Mullin , the Lions centre , Fergus Aherne , the scrum-half , and the two new caps , Nick Popplewell at loose-head and Brian Smith , the fly-half .	0
In summary , then , as fig. 8.1 shows , many of the issues raised by this review of geographic information handling in the four potential application fields are essentially complementary to those discussed in the part on methodological developments .	0
been reduced .	1
A magic cottage ?	0
You have to hope that its blankness will slowly dissolve and let life in .	1
But they 're few and far between are n't they ?	1
Deep down he knew .	1
I said oh , keys for where ?	0
Christian Salvesen , the food process and distribution , generator hire and brick making group , raised pre-tax profits by almost 21 per cent to £32.6million in the six months to September .	1
Three in one .	0
Precisely .	0
Maybe it 's the only thing they ever dreamt about . ’	1
Good good good good good .	0
Two times four equals eight , right ?	0
Existing GIS techniques usually base the estimates on area-weighted shares , so that a new polygon created by ‘ slicing ’ an existing area in half is assigned half the population of that source unit .	1
Westerns were a handy substitute .	1
Er one four is four , two fours are eight , and three fours is twelve .	0
Human resources should be fundamental to subjects such as ergonomics which are essentially people-centred but the concept remains procedurally undeveloped at any level from a continent through countries , regions and companies down to particular working systems .	1
Murder , manslaughter , and several other offences are discussed , and one recurrent issue here is whether English law responds proportionately to the different degrees of culpability manifested in cases where death is caused .	1
Pass the marge .	0
After calling me a bastard and all this now	1
I think we might be able to manage that .	1
The radio on the dummy suddenly screeched into action as Delaney 's distorted voice gave it life .	1
It was n't months Gordon .	0
No I 'm really impressed .	0
In 1949 , Amaldi wrote to the Italian prime minister asking for permission to produce and sell sealing wax for letters , ‘ so that we may raise needed funds for our physics lab ’ .	1
To pay for this outpouring , a great drive was mounted for additional income -by Farquhar and Steel-Maitland .	1
we have got half a whole	0
He rejects charges that he was partly responsible for the ‘ casino atmosphere ’ that gripped US corporate life in the early 1980s .	1
‘ This must be the only way in , ’ Nell said .	0
‘ There 's someone dead .	0
Two hundred people .	0
‘ I 'm sure we will . ’	0
This is the so-called Chinese postman problem , which provides a Hamiltonian circuit through the arcs ( as compared with the travelling salesman problem which is a minimum route through the network nodes ) .	1
Despite Mr Dobbs 's tireless efforts , this is another revolution which Britain is likely to be viewing from the sidelines .	1
True .	1
Cross the road now you stand there stand still , give me your other hand good girl right now is it all clear	0
Can a satisfactory line be drawn here ?	1
The headland was empty and almost bare , the few straggling trees , distorted by the wind , struggled to keep their precarious hold in the uncompromising soil .	1
money ?	0
She is a bit but it 's .	0
You leave him alone !	1
Especially what he 's .	0
to yourselves .	1
Thank you yes .	0
So in his first major speech as leader in parliament he wasted little time on the customary compliments and warned the government that he intended to play hard .	1
For greater communication and sharing of resources between ordinary and specialist provision .	1
But , without other changes , the result is likely to be a ‘ society of barricaded self-defence , and a steady erosion of civil liberties ’ .	1
Mind , she was in bed all the time .	0
Just as Thomson transferred Stein 's literary abstraction to music , so these portraits unusually employ the painter 's technique of drawing the sitter from life : an ideal combination of Thomson 's habit of immediate response with an actual subject .	1
Well , leave it up to me , I 'll see what I can get I 'll get for the party .	1
‘ You look so like your father .	0
No you 're not having any sweets cos	0
The justification for pouring out large sums without a certain return was the even greater cost of any real alternative .	1
Knowledge is contained in documents which may vary from single sheet presentations to large manuals .	1
Have to cut costs .	1
‘ I know .	0
Yeah , might well do .	1
Adam asked , resigned .	0
Two years ?	0
This contribution also indicates the wide variety of groups that are involved in monitoring environmental change and draws attention to the role that the European Community is increasingly playing in co-ordinating these efforts .	1
Cos Ken said , first of all he could n't find any and he said oh he said perhaps I should 've bought them when I saw them , nine ninety nine .	0
The full implementation of the RIMNET system will take some time .	0
Come on do n't invent you know ?	1
And where I gon na go ?	0
Wondering what the hell he 's upto .	1
Someone was jabbing the bell — non-stop — in Elinor 's bedroom .	0
Beautiful , yes , but severe somehow and , to Adam 's heightened awareness , reproachful .	1
51 Fossil frog , Rana species , Miocene , Spain .	0
Did it go bonk ?	1
Obituary : Virgil Thomson	0
We have now collected a good number of formulae which will serve us well in the following sections .	1
More generally , we need to consider the availability of large databases for hazard studies and emergency planning and this is an area ripe for major initiatives .	1
I 've found a super husband for Harriet .	0
I would like to	0
In a statement afterwards Dr Runcie stressed that he was not proposing any change in the British constitution .	1
‘ Prime Ministers always have to consider balance in the Cabinet — and at least we now have the same number of women as old Etonians in John Major 's team , ’ she said .	1
Man-power planning	0
Did you just want to have a little wander ?	1
Sorge was annoyed with himself , irritated that he had allowed the Intelligence man to get under his skin .	1
Mum , but it 's tricky because when , when you chop that way , and then that way chop it that way it 's all	1
If it was not , it ca n't be again , they 're always going in there !	0
The discussion of operational problems and prospects further amplifies many of the issues raised in preceding chapters , particularly with respect to the problems caused by the dependency on secondary data sources and the need for much more detailed geographic information to overcome some of the problems associated with linking data sets .	0
It was unbelievable .	0
There are encouraging signs , however , that the TV western is struggling back into the saddle .	1
Mrs Carson smiled indulgently .	0
I 'm waiting for you .	0
Are there hazard-prone areas ?	1
Such agreements can range from the issue of borders to the issue of free wave-lengths for our future television and radio networks .	1
Amaldi grew up in a small town in Lombardy , and took his doctorate in physics from Rome at the remarkably early age of 21 .	1
In Halton Borough , Cheshire , for instance , there are 13 notifiable installations , with over 20 000 people living within the defined ‘ consultation zones ’ ( Petts 1988 ) .	0
The hollow barking of a dog came from one of the stone sheds , but there was no sign of life around the buildings .	1
The DDI reminded them all of the secret police who had run East Germany with an iron fist .	1
Or both ?	0
So I thought well !	0
The instructor hesitated , then said , ‘ Why not ? ’	0
We had centuries of contacts to fall back on .	1
Lawton nodded his agreement .	0
Has it been on ?	1
Is it the one where they have those terrible blocks ?	1
Well you must have been going during the day while I was at work then .	0
No contingency plans had been made for this eventuality .	1
they	0
‘ No .	0
The danger of being too flexible is that the ergonomists will have an inadequate basis from which to design interfaces , training courses and other operator aids .	1
Called us all in the lounge and gave us a	0
10 .	0
Some even applauded the players at the end .	1
He posted the detective constable he had with him back down the path to join his colleague , armed with instructions to repel all attempts by anyone , however senior or armed with whatever authority , to go anywhere near the body unless he , Sergeant Black , personally accompanied them .	1
spread it	0
He could n't look Shiva up because he could n't remember his surname .	0
Do you have a separate room ?	0
An argument by many atmospheric physicists , for example , is that shortcomings in the accuracy of weather prediction over periods of more than a few days largely results from the unsophisticated nature of existing models , the lack of suitable data and inadequate computer power ( see Fig. 9.3 , derived from Tyler 1989 ) .	0
Men and women do not usually put their baser feelings and intentions into words , not even in the deep recesses of their own minds .	1
In the passage , she stumbled and almost fell , then flung back the door to the bedroom .	0
Was it four times a week ?	0
‘ Porn pictures are a turn-off to most women .	1
Hip replacement operations	1
The average man is ‘ a cool , common person , with a considerate air , with figures in his mind , with his own business to attend to , with a set of ordinary opinions arising from and suited to ordinary life .	1
And God knows who else .	0
The work of Carver ( see Openshaw et al. 1989 : Ch. 7 ) is an interesting example .	0
The sport is now obliged to find income from the more normal sources of television and sponsorship , to replace his largely unacknowledged private patronage .	1
He had to admit that this particular client hardly added to the general decorative smartness of the place .	1
THE NEW Health Secretary , Mrs Virginia Bottomley , set herself an ambitious target yesterday — to ‘ take the politics ’ out of the National Health Service .	1
I should hope so !	0
To quench is more than to refresh although our lying , lascivious eyes tell us the two are the same .	1
There is , then , no shortage of social science research which is claimed to be necessary if we are to cope with environmental change .	0
Now it is redundant .	0
That been reduced to forty four thousand	1
Ah , yes …	0
His hand went out , reached for the submachine gun , his fingers tightening on the stock .	1
Do not let anybody , particularly gardening writers , tread on your dreams .	1
HOMICIDE	0
He 'd been pressing me to come down here for a long time .	1
It was usual to extract some form of guarantee in exchange for party support but the secrecy prevented such undertakings from being enforced .	1
More disturbingly , in The Mask ( 1945 ) ( Fig. 7 ) , she throws doubt on too straightforward a reading of her self-portraits as revealing of her inner emotions .	1
And you were driving that about .	1
We shall assume that the two kinds of particles have equal densities and move in opposite directions .	1
"He also quoted Mallarmé "" I think … that there should be only allusion …"	0
The agency will keep the tenant 's deposit until the tenant leaves .	1
I hear you 've got two twentieth century !	0
I mean you 're you 're not sort of right in the centre of town , but	0
They , they renovated it .	0
The papers were therefore bought through nominees or bank loans backed with party capital .	1
OLDHAM Athletic , who had never beaten a First Division side since they dropped into the Second Division in 1923 , made up for 66 years of not altogether patient waiting with a pulsating victory over the League champions Arsenal at Boundary Park last night .	1
Human resources are too complex a variable to be easily susceptible to measurement beyond the level of counting heads and trades .	1
But July also passed without Debbie receiving any money .	1
Yes certainly .	0
Have a wheelchair .	0
Buzz said .	0
Sammy wants a wee wee !	0
add six add six	1
Constable landscapes …	0
Yes well you see ?	1
The chapter concludes with a mixture of resignation and determination .	1
We 'll see , wo n't we .	0
Remember her , the schoolmistress ? ’	0
What	0
But some reports have suggested that low zinc levels may lead to problems in pregnancy , from difficult labour to congenital malformations in children .	1
An interesting mixture of the various images was provided by a story in the Daily Telegraph under the headline : ‘ Broadwater Farm : Like the Divis Flats with Reggae ’ ( 8 October 1985 ) .	1
And by the neglect of the long hot summer .	1
Mr Cook also countered the argument that PR would build in a pull towards the centre ground , preventing Labour from implementing a radical programme .	1
This ‘ appropriateness ’ of Kahlo 's aesthetic to contemporary debate has tended to remove her work from its historical context , to stress the collective and the cross-cultural .	1
Jesus . ’	0
This therefore has the following consequences :	0
I see , oh	1
And a and a lion .	0
A shop .	0
They all had one dream .	1
Little bit further .	1
3 .	0
Now if he does n't get the economy right he 's gon na end up with egg on his face and	1
sixes .	0
If we add to A the gradient of a scalar function , the resulting vector A' still gives the same magnetic field because formula .	1
At the time of writing , the proposal has been approved and discussions are in progress on the location of the agency 's headquarters .	0
But it was the spirit of Henley , with huge crowds enjoying amateur sport , presented with administrative finesse , which Keller took as the yardstick for the international circuit .	1
Various aspects of the CORINE project have been described in papers by Rhind et al. ( 1986 ) , Wiggins et al. ( 1987 ) , Briggs and Martin ( 1988 ) , Briggs and Mounsey ( 1989 ) and CEC ( 1990c ) .	0
The differentiation of accidents from other types is useful in the context of emergency planning and is not so clearly conveyed by other hazard typologies .	0
Which arrangement ?	1
In contrast , the advocates of chaos theory ( e.g. Stewart 1989 ) argue that some natural systems are so sensitive to tiny stimuli that even ‘ the faint beat of a butterfly 's wing could be the ultimate trigger for a hurricane ’ .	0
This is the Hopa , this German man .	0
Yeah but a a lot of quotes gon na be made to them after are n't there ?	1
Where they ?	0
Building such research teams is essential .	0
The nearest to being quenching is the ‘ white ’ beer of Berlin .	1
‘ Then can I land ? ’	0
that did she ?	1
We 're nearly there yes .	0
But none of them turned up to today so	0
No , !	0
The	0
"The Unionist recovery was built around Law 's leadership , but what Asquith called the "" new style "" of obstruction , threats and offensive behaviour did not originate with Law ."	1
Well I 'm only	0
Tables subdivided into Faults/Reasons/Remedies can be extremely helpful .	1
""" No , thank you all the same . """	0
Flying was even better than she had hoped : better than skiing , better than driving a sports car .	0
Then Oldham struck .	1
Similarly , broad factors such as the state of morale will again only be described by negative features such as absenteeism , stoppages , strikes , low quality output and so on .	1
The faces of the twins , softer editions of her own , turned towards her questioningly then broke into shy smiles .	1
Elbow no knees I suppose elbows as well	0
You have a half of it so the whole of it .	0
I was very lucky actually .	0
Smoothly Adam explained , ‘ The responsibility must clearly rest m only one area .	1
The inspector was not listening .	0
Penny , sounding childishly , sullenly determined , broke into her mother 's thoughts .	1
I know what is right for my child , but I 'm not supposed to say .	0
Any of yours ?	0
Where 'd you come from ?	0
Could go on to the rugby and go with them could n't he ?	0
I think that 's about it that price range .	1
Seriously , I 'd fucking have it out of there , everything I own .	1
The Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) commissioned two reports on global environmental change to guide or at least inform the allocation of research funding .	0
But responses in 1985 were different , at least in terms of degree , and probably in relation to the extent to which the riots were seen as a ‘ race ’ phenomenon by a wider body of opinion .	1
Elinor should n't be made to wade though pages of paragraphs with no commas in ‘ em . ’	1
Mind of it 's own job , yeah ?	1
Bagehot goes on to say of Peel : ‘ From a certain peculiarity of intellect and fortune , he was never in advance of his time .	1
From 1940 to 1954 he wrote regularly for the New York Herald Tribune and four volumes of his notices have appeared in book form .	1
Did you hear what I said mummy ?	0
To help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the Community as well as the integration of European environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the framework of the United Nations and its system of agencies .	0
Hale 's eyes stare knowingly at the viewer , a human sacrifice to an alienated and consumerist culture .	1
This figure is relatively small when compared with many American cities , but that is no cause for satisfaction .	1
‘ He 's already co-ordinating the regional plans to provide a world picture .	1
Neighbourhood watch . .	1
It follows from much of the above that there are major challenges in use of environmental data .	0
He held the gun pointed at my eyes .	0
Car theft became so common that private cars virtually disappeared from the area .	0
I like it	0
Amaldi astounded his group in October 1934 with his discovery that by slowing down , rather than accelerating , neutrons , he could provoke intense nuclear reactions .	1
That 's from	0
He finds out what the needs of the business are , and prescribes the cure .	1
. Well it 's make your mind up time .	1
This system currently runs in dBASE II and contains in excess of 3000 items of professionally assessed information on major hazards coded into some 24 separate fields .	1
On one level My Dress … is a coda to Self-Portrait on the Borderline ( 1932 ) ( Fig. 11 ) of the previous year .	1
Come on Kimmy !	1
‘ He does n't have the inside knowledge to deal with questions . ’	1
Alright there .	1
I 'm up to speed with Huerter , of course , but is your planning application in Leicester all right ? ’	1
Cos I said .	0
for a flat it 's er	0
She !	0
market really .	1
Thank you dear .	0
Regional health authorities will from time to time produce mortality data at ward level .	1
Did you like the breakfast ?	0
No she did n't !	0
Chose what ?	0
Come on sweetheart !	1
The ‘ silence over race ’ was breached in 1980–1 , but in 1985 debate about racial issues was taken a step further .	1
Along with Sir James he found the US much more attractive , taking over and breaking up some fairly hefty US corporations .	1
This flowed through to earnings per share , up a half at 19.6p and shareholders receive a 25 per cent increase in the interim dividend to 2.7p .	1
But once the user sees the system , channels of communication will open .	1
No , but it 's going to fours look .	1
Fossil flowers are extremely rare because of their delicacy and because they are shortlived .	0
"All was linked to the sense of a new departure , a "" new style "" , a "" new regime in politics "" and a new team at the helm : as well as a new leader , the party had by the middle of 1912 a new Chief Whip , Party Chairman , party treasurer , principal agent , press adviser , and an almost entirely new team of Whips and organizers ."	1
I do n't eat that much bread you see .	1
That is not thirst .	1
This was true of what he did about both high policy and low politics .	1
Fig. 10 .	0
Figures of fun Open Space ..	1
Anna was in tears .	1
The overall network with sources inside Germany was the Rote Drei . ’	1
This was written at the NWRRL using FORTRAN 77 and the Graphical Kernel System .	0
Application	1
In fact Meadowell is an Elastoplast name like Sizewell , invented in the 1970s to disguise what was already a running sore .	1
One of the pleasures of Saturday working was that the phone did not ring all the time .	0
Beneath the filmy topcoat he wore a black shirt and black trousers that were tucked into tall black boots .	0
I want a wee wee !	0
Right , she wants currency in two divisions in each , right ?	1
On property , he is blunt .	1
And next one .	1
I said I do n't care .	0
Inspector Morse .	0
Meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow , meow .	0
plopped in	0
Have you got ta get a card for Julie as well ?	0
CRYSTALATE , the electronics product group , experienced a ‘ serious disappointment ’ in the second half and hence profits fell from £5.6million to £2.9million in the year to September .	1
Westerns , by their nature , demand more time on location .	1
All too often , as the experience of many mature applications indicates , technical and data-related matters dominate the system development phase and technically elegant solutions are devised which fail to take enough account of user needs and capabilities .	0
He knew about the light shining in darkness , and had come , for reasons completely different from Alexander 's desire for exactness , specificity , to mistrust figurative language .	1
Go on I 'll go and get her .	1
Aye .	0
‘ What exactly would that mean ? ’	1
Who are the human beings that actually live among the olive , the orange , the lemon orchards ?	0
I shall move , yes dear .	0
He remarked on the parody-young .	1
Manuals which may contain maps , schematic diagrams and other materials warrant separate consideration .	1
Sections 3.6–3.16 are concerned with magnetostatics , where electric fields are assumed to be zero and the interrelationship of J , H , and B are studied .	1
Yeah they 're just showing some of the mistakes as well the windy down .	0
Yes , his next month out of his wages !	1
""" We must talk , "" said Daniel ."	0
Oh , it smells good .	0
And then	0
When you look at , when you look at the some , all these , a lot of these composers and artists who died long ago and you look the birth range there 's a hell of a lot at seventy five , seventy six	1
No , it 's not .	0
Mum , my fingers are	0
We have our own means . ’	1
A bit spicy !	1
In addition , plans for regional research centres and for the data and information systems for IGBP ( known as IGBP-DIS ) had been announced .	0
The sharply reduced number of 16-18-year-olds will inevitably lead employers to bid up the wages of that age group to entice young people away from education and into unskilled or semi-skilled jobs .	1
Er him er , they live in Spain now .	0
The magnetic field strength is given again by eqn ( 3.27 ) ; we only need to substitute for the current In + Ip where the subscripts n and p refer to negative and positive particles respectively .	1
They keep the lead	1
I thought oh what 's going on .	1
Yeah that 's a bit smaller .	0
It also makes for regular changes as staff retire and are replaced .	1
Please yes .	0
talking to Alan .	1
‘ I know , Mark .	0
And at the end , Conlon drew the one hopeful conclusion : ‘ If this stops capital punishment ever coming back , the time I 've spent in prison will be well worth it .	1
So thanks for showing us	0
Just like that .	1
Are you going to go to sleep , eh ?	1
‘ What a funny thing , ’ said Lewis .	1
Well yes .	0
This chapter deals with the approach of the criminal law to behaviour which causes or risks causing death .	1
Natural hazards and disaster management	0
Could have gone any time with with nothing through his bloody arteries !	1
Thank you .	0
Before going on , just a few words about the classification of steady currents .	1
So that everybody noticed !	0
Me .	0
‘ And what does that mean ? ’	1
Is that how you feel ?	1
The obsession , of current management , with measurement and the reduction of every variable to numbers for ease of computer manipulation has worsened the situation .	1
What do you like ?	0
Something like that , yeah .	1
He did two rooms .	0
They were away .	0
This is Havvaher .	0
Attention should be drawn to Foresman 's comment that the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) ( at the EROS Data Centre ) have successfully linked ARC/INFO to a model of groundwater flow ( Foresman 1986 : 260 ) .	0
No , you know what I mean ?	0
Buzz asked .	0
Their value in battle , as shields behind which the knights could shelter before they launched their charge , ensured their continued employment by those who could afford them — notably Henry II of England .	1
Oh	0
Perhaps you would bring the proofs through to the kitchen . ’	0
What did he say ?	0
ATTEMPTING AN INTEGRATION POLICY	0
The situation is further confused when some but not all the operator information support is itself computer-based .	1
Do n't ask me why .	0
What , was	0
‘ Do n't worry , Ruth , ’ she said kindly .	0
In fact , country auctions are often the nearest many villages get to live theatre .	1
Got her some .	0
Faced , however , with the catastrophic increase in unemployment and the need to occupy large numbers of workless people without directly employing them ( which would have run counter to the economic doctrine which had led to the redundancy of many of them in the first place ) , the Government poured money into any ‘ voluntary ’ agency willing to put in a bid for government-funded cheap labour .	1
The regulations have obvious implications for G1S work , as illustrated below .	0
No matter .	0
He stayed in , and the recession worsened .	1
And division is shared by .	1
Hughey , you serve him !	0
The plane was now moving at not much above stalling speed .	1
It 's	0
Any substantive disagreement centred around the issue of what role social deprivation and unemployment had in bringing young people to protest violently on the streets .	1
You , you betrayed us then , you 'd left had n't you ?	0
Such demands highlight the extent to which geographic information management must be regarded as a means to an end rather than an end in itself when viewed from the standpoints of the needs of planners and decision-makers .	0
That reminds me .	1
This was a great performanc .	1
Why not give sex a rest for a bit , and pay a bit of attention to yourself ?	1
He took Adam on to Sudbury for him to catch a train there and at that point they parted .	1
Some of these characteristics are now addressed in slightly more detail ; it will be obvious that such problems merit a paper in themselves .	0
After all , he had just the man on his staff .	1
Thus released , Jesse Sweetman turned to look at me .	0
if I give you that four .	0
As President of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei he had delivered the welcoming address on Tuesday to a symposium of scientists .	1
Seven add seven add seven is twenty one	1
In this case , population density data for a 1 km buffer on either side of network arcs were overlaid on the network itself so as to act as weights for the minimum path algorithm .	0
""" Good for you . """	0
That is pushing it .	1
Now , however , it seems , the wheel has turned full circle .	1
Here .	0
The DDI changed the subject .	1
Just cut the damn boat loose , ’ I said vengefully .	0
The Special Services Team	0
by Greg Neale Environment Correspondent	0
It 's a lot in n it ?	0
Naturally , to embark on such a step is not necessarily to succeed immediately in realising it .	1
Which is just as well .	0
Software programmes for desk-top publishing , word processing , accounting and business planning are also essential .	0
Come on daddy !	1
More than likely .	0
Out at the meeting again on Monday night .	1
Once that soapbox came out , Major campaigned as if he would now do and say what he really thought .	1
It 's the nice ones that leave their drink there .	0
Lyon	0
In the UK we seem to be lagging well behind the USA in the construction of databases on hazardous sites and especially hazard events such as those involving toxic releases .	1
Fig. 12 .	0
Davis , of course , would have walked into England 's team in Poland a week on Wednesday ; until last season 's prolonged suspension , followed by injury , Bobby Robson had him firmly pencilled in as Bryan Robson 's replacement .	1
This effectively restricted their use to the wealthy and to those whose claim to assistance under the ban was incontrovertible .	1
In this case , however , methodological issues are tackled from a largely user standpoint , whereas in the previous part they were viewed as substantive problems in their own right .	1
On and on it dragged .	1
Good gracious .	0
The factory ?	0
That is to say , they will have what the Jesuits once attached such importance to : power over young or impressionable minds .	1
‘ We ought to get on . ’	0
Charlotte .	0
Cos she	0
Throw us a drink !	1
If it was a girl	0
Were you gon na go with her ?	0
Where is scones ?	0
Said said he come from the that and all .	0
Leo Eloesser .	0
One idea about the life habits of the dinosaur giants , published in Joc and Colette at the Natural History Museum in 1935	1
The bloody man 's power drunk already . ’	1
he 'd have a	1
From there , like a buzzard in its eyrie , he would make forays round the US and abroad in spite of his advanced age .	1
‘ Red Orchestra .	1
On a new estate , there may be nothing .	0
you 've got margarine what else would you like ?	0
Apparently he 's a director of various canal preservation bodies and things .	1
Yet , as we shall see below , the prediction of the activities of natural and man-influenced environmental systems requires an understanding of the interaction of processes that , in many cases , we simply do not yet have .	0
Punishment has no place in this model .	1
It 's the first time in his career he has n't come out on top .	1
She had been mistaken ever to think that he would come .	0
I knocked out by four .	1
Kinnock complains of the alleged power of the Tory tabloid press , but he has powers on his side too .	1
Yes please cup of tea are making it then ? good !	0
Two decorous figures advanced , hand-in-hand , under its suspended thickness .	0
Well well we 're gon na do it anyway cos we just have n't got enough room	0
Powerhaus N1 ( 837 3218 ) 8.30pm £5 .	0
Has he got that thing going ?	1
The top , or strategic , level is the most difficult to explore ; the external influences are often unpredictable by formal means .	0
That .	1
Fig 9 .	0
This awareness is most obviously manifested by the frequent appearance of press reports on ozone depletion , on the greenhouse effect and possible global warming , on nitrate pollution , on deforestation in the Tropics , on decreasing biological diversity and on many other environmentally related topics .	0
It 's in my blood .	1
There 's at least one blown over there is n't there ?	0
We 'll be paying for it as well .	0
From The Rev NERISSA JONES	0
Would it ?	0
New York and Detroit will come up with an attractive separation package , you can be sure of that .	1
‘ Makes a change .	1
The aim of the course is to educate offenders about alcohol to facilitate a lasting change in their subsequent use of this drug .	1
He took a deep breath and headed down , the sergeant , two constables and Miss Williams in his wake .	1
Improved morale would also make possible organizational advances outside parliament , all linked to the issue of Ulster , and with the sights fixed firmly on the next election , an election that would make or break the Union , the Empire and Law 's leadership of the party .	1
In seconds , poor old George would be spread around the room like an explosion in Harrod 's window , and the thing would be away .	1
Of course , yes .	0
With open allies like the Primrose League , the case for collaboration was strong ; for the first time in thirty years of existence the Primrose League formally linked itself with the party in 1914 .	1
and you turn to your left .	0
Arsenal had no choice but to attack as soon as the second half began .	1
Where 's she going ?	0
Grant may have been lame , but … fast or silent ?	0
Not here ?	0
And virtue is rewarded .	1
This level is readily handled in commercial GIS ; ,	0
Well I do n't , he said	0
What 's up ? ’	1
I 'll tell you who you ought to fall in love with , Clare . ’	1
It would provide the multitudinous popular committees and activities with a more advanced form of organisation and structure .	1
Lucas did .	0
This bloody footballer , I mean it 's a	1
And er	0
Partly back .	1
Di !	0
Steady currents	1
See him .	0
Ca n't get no birthday money out of him !	0
So where 's England ?	1
The house that when he first saw it had seemed to float on a raft of golden mist , now lay in a wilderness , amidst ragged grass and straggling bushes and trees dead from the heat .	1
‘ I 'm afraid it 's true , ’ Mrs Carson told them .	0
On Monday ?	1
Disillusion swiftly followed .	1
Why is it then that we have no difficulties in practice in observing magnetic fields ?	1
Sorge had never been to Langley before .	0
The counselling , assisting , directing , and monitoring on the AEC give substance to the aims of support and surveillance and provide the basis for establishing a model of probation practice .	1
Have it away from that .	0
Berg was also an agent of the Office of Strategic Services , which was later to give birth to the CIA .	1
The problem is now recognized , especially in Europe , and strenuous efforts are being made to harmonise the data sets ( e.g. through the use of standard classifications , such as that for land use produced by the Conference of European Statisticians in 1989 ) .	0
The important thing is that the Thirty Year Rule is in force and that we can respond to developing perceptions of our times . ’	1
Many distributions show a peak in a particular age group mainly associated with taking on a large number of young people when the organisation was started or reorganised , this is not desirable because it leads to excessive competition for promotion at particular stages .	1
Indeed , while with one hand trying to hold down expenditure by local authorities , the Government found itself by the late 1980s involved with the other hand in massive ear-marked spending on inner urban areas .	1
Let there be no doubt , these young criminals are not in any way representative of the vast majority of the Afro-Caribbean community whose life has contributed to the life and culture of the West Midlands over many years and whose hopes and aspirations are at one with those of every other law-abiding citizen .	1
Letter : Independence of no-fixed-abode	1
That 's terrible !	1
It 's going to fours .	1
Figure 9.2 is taken from ESSC ( 1988 ) and is an attempt to show the interactions between environmental processes , as well as the indicators and implications of change in the state of the environment .	0
No one asked where he was taking them .	0
The work of Peter Townsend and others showed that , far from presiding over the elimination of poverty , the Wilson Government actually failed to prevent some of its features from worsening ( Townsend and Bosanquet , 1972 ) .	1
Are we inviting anyone ?	0
Well , I seem to recall a London gallery exhibiting a pile of rubbish , which was considered valid art by the proprietors and drew a large attendance .	1
Oh dear	0
From about thirty five to forty five .	1
PAGE	0
What nonsense .	0
From the description of the AEC already given the demanding and disciplined nature of the course can be appreciated .	1
Roessler , or Lucy , was a Swiss Intelligence Officer of German extraction .	0
left at the end of the night .	1
While there is some research activity in linking statistical models to GIS there would seem to be scope for further applications of operations research techniques to GIS problems .	1
These little things	1
Do it that way on .	1
No not really	0
It is valid for nearly all materials up to quite high electric fields .	1
The objectives of the new agency would be to assist the Community and the Member States to achieve the goals set out in the Treaty of Rome and in successive environmental action programmes ; it must also , however , be seen in the context of the European Council 's adoption on 2 December 1988 of the Rhodes Declaration on the Environment and the environment chapter in the Single European Act which comes into effect in 1992 .	0
‘ We were n't sure , but in view of his sudden departure , I would say yes . ’	0
They were challenging the ‘ pay now sue later ’ principle at Lloyd 's , which says names should pay cash calls first and fight them later .	1
Off we go up the step there 's a good girl .	0
His gaze came back to George , still sprawled over the control desk .	1
The objectives of CORINE were to be achieved through bringing together existing data holdings in the member states , developing methods for holding , analysing and presenting the data , and encouraging the exchange of data .	0
Yes I think I did .	0
Old men remembering their youth .	0
‘ No , ’ lied Sorge .	0
Employment in agriculture , still the main rural industry , fell from over a million in the mid-Sixties to under 100,000 now .	1
In general , our policy should be to proceed with building our state block by block , without waiting to be given a gift of it through negotiations .	1
It won substantial critical acclaim and will show in Britain next year .	1
His concern was solely with effectiveness rather than style ; he rarely spoke with more than brief notes and left it to the occasion to furnish the words .	1
Four	0
I do n't think I did .	0
She did far better	1
And we went down , liked it and that was it .	1
The final dividend goes up to 11.5p , making 16.5p , against 14p for the year .	1
You could pawn those .	1
By , by the , you know wallpaper	0
beautiful house .	0
They came in cars , army lorries , even an aeroplane .	0
One result was the triumphant expansion of some charitable organizations , which rejoiced both at their new-found importance and at the Government 's munificence .	1
I did manage to sort out the food for tomorrow and	1
He had metaphorically shaken a large fist , impotently , at some looming energy-field , and got on with his work , his work .	1
This was in itself a striking commentary on what had already been done : Liberal Unionists who had resisted amalgamation under Balfour and Acland-Hood in 1911 acquiesced meekly under Law and Steel-Maitland in 1912 .	1
You clearly think that you 're a piece of worthless rubbish , and if I pick up those vibes , then so do the blokes .	1
The petticoat Mafia at the top of the organisation always knew what was going on , often before the top executives themselves .	1
During the Intifada the people have been engaged in building the side walls .	1
Presumably the builders of the Channel Tunnel are aware of this ?	0
Well you wo n't	0
The political spin-offs from crusading are therefore more difficult to calculate than at first glance they might appear .	1
Its two main slogans , repeated countless times in the directives issued by the underground leadership , are freedom and independence .	1
, they 'll go down now look , you watch !	1
The selectors knew they were playing with fire when they decided to arrange a couple of club fixtures and they have duly been consumed in a conflagration of their own making .	1
"You judge him so "" "" He judges me ."	1
One approach would be to draw the line by reference to the degree of probability .	1
At six .	1
It does n't matter .	0
Did you see it ?	0
other things .	1
‘ We all have things to hide . ’	1
Well that 'll save .	1
In applications of this kind the authors argue that geographic information management in general and GIS in particular have an important role to play and they give a number of examples from research in progress to illustrate the current state of the art in this field .	0
Oh it 's very patchy .	0
So I 'm pleased really , are you ?	0
want to swap it over	0
Using plume models that predict the movement of contaminants she is able to intersect the results with data on current well locations and to assess which water supply areas are worst contaminated .	0
She faltered .	0
Brown 's chapter on geodemographics discusses an application field where primary data collected for operational purposes are typically evaluated in relation to secondary data derived from sources such as the Census of Population .	1
The whole item was allowed no more than four times that in the BBC 's Sunday evening news broadcast at 6.30 .	1
He waited till the horses were well away and looked round the wide , flat landscape carefully before unclipping the lead .	0
He did not loosen his links with the athletes when projected upwards into the Presidency .	1
Some headway was made in expanding self-sufficiency , whether through utilising more land for agriculture , developing home economies , or encouraging local manufacturers and products .	1
Very nice very	0
Yes I do very much some coffee	0
I 've never seen a Saturday go so fast .	1
‘ Sorry .	0
Yes , yes	0
Well we 're gon na be expanding into next door erm	0
Oh , no ! ’	0
Mhm .	0
fifty six , fifty seven , fifty eight	0
But there seemed nothing wrong with the head of government appearing to be the challenger on the hustings .	1
Mike glared at his brother again .	1
He died twenty years ago . ’	0
Had she not been so downhearted Ruth would have enjoyed herself .	0
Yeah there 's Stretford is n't there ?	0
Sixty three .	0
From the resulting corner Rhodes made another fine save , hurtling to his right to deflect away Dixon 's rising shot .	1
Lyon ?	0
A man stood on the porch , his hands in the pocket of his beige mackintosh .	0
Lots of .	0
Ready ?	0
We will tackle putting our economy in order so that we can achieve that social ambition , so that the strong economy is used to finance and develop the fair society . ’	1
It covers , for instance , the associations between water and air pollution and ill health , links between geological and pedological environments and ill health , as well as associations between specific technological hazards ( e.g. high-voltage power lines ) and possible health effects .	0
It only takes one at a time .	1
‘ Doctor 'll tell us . ’	0
But the upstairs one in the other one was was	0
‘ Very competent boy .	0
Fortunately , technical developments have ensured that the increase in computing power per unit cost has been growing at about an order of magnitude every 6 years over the last three decades .	0
Are you coming then ?	0
‘ Thinking of Peter . ’	0
I did n't watch it that closely .	1
He 's Miss Dalgliesh 's nephew from Larksoken Mill .	0
Yeah , I want a whole with that whole	0
Five add five add five	1
As they drew back up the stairs , piling on the pieces she threw up at them , Lawton sniffed .	0
Does she like Inspector Morse ?	0
No we 're not going in the car we 're walking are n't we ?	0
She flushed , but held on to the ‘ phone .	1
‘ Or the Americans , ’ commented the Exec Director .	0
Christopher 's school	0
God help the British plants under the new regime ! ’	1
It was some country mansion in Oxfordshire you know ?	0
Back down .	0
you know , I , I that kind of stuff does n't draw punters generally , chart stuff cos the people who go	1
On one level this work deals with a generalised ‘ woman 's experience ’ , yet the metaphorical power of Dorothy Hale 's dress derives from Kahlo 's use of clothing in her own self-portraits .	1
Yes !	0
Erm there you go .	1
The second debate took place on 26 November 1981 , on the publication of the Scarman Report , and had as its theme : ‘ Law and Order ’ .	1
that right ?	1
Apart from Kevin Moseley 's steady supply from the line-out , there was nothing much to commend in a Welsh forward effort which reverted to the very worst Eighties stereotype of static , cumbersome donkeys only too willing to slow the game to walking pace .	1
It gets worse .	0
In general , the research work of the international groups of scientists , including those involved in the Inter-Governmental Committee and in the UK 's Inter-Agency Committee on Global Environmental Change , has progressively reduced the magnitude of the predicted effects of , for example , global warming .	0
To illustrate the paradigm , reference is made to an alcohol education course developed for offenders in trouble through drink .	1
The international politics of climate change ;	0
I know what Laura was	0
The police force face the virtually impossible task of keeping the lid on the explosive mixture of ingredients that the dynamics of British society have assembled in the inner city .	1
Frannie 's going to be able to bring Tristram home pretty soon , apparently . ’	0
It would further naturalise and legitimise the evolving skeletal form of Palestinian independence .	1
Without our knowledge , over the years , with the use of their money and supportive people in the Swiss banks , they forged contacts with those left behind in East Germany .	1
She was happy to wait for him , certain that soon she would see him riding towards her .	0
Thank you very much , yes I will actually .	0
Oh hallo yeah , sorry about that	1
Since charged particles rarely travel close to the velocity of light we may conclude that the magnetic forces are by orders of magnitude smaller than the electric forces .	1
Well you know I do n't mind one bit no ?	0
Some time today .	0
No one spoke .	0
Quite , yes , yes .	0
For a formal , universal information system , covering local and specialist resources .	1
Do n't know who to believe really .	0
‘ I knew there was one here , ’ he continued , meaning Liberal Democrats .	0
Mrs Bottomley 's first big test as Health Secretary will come this summer with the annual public spending round , which will be conducted against a background of concern over high Government borrowing and pressure from the Tory Right for public spending cuts .	1
It is correct for most of the chapter with formula taken as a constant but breaks down for ferromagnetic materials , which will be discussed in Section 3.11 .	1
It was	0
The early 1980s witnessed a radical change in patterns of heroin taking , alongside the global increase .	1
It is more useful ( Johnson 1983 ) to adopt a non-partitional scheme ( fig. 10.1 ) that recognizes , for instance , food poisoning as both a personal and consumer hazard , or lead pollution ( e.g. from car exhausts ) as both a meteorological event and technological hazard ( both public and private ) .	0
Frida Kahlo : The Mask , 1945 , 40x30.5 cm .	0
I 'll get him a card .	0
Jesus wept ! ’ he continued , hackles rising .	1
Like Forster , all he could guess was that it was fast .	0
I would rather	0
‘ You 'd think someone rich enough to own a rig like this could afford a pair of fenders . ’	0
Sometimes he still saw the brushstrokes , as it were , in this naked way , so that his earlier thoughts of this garden had to be undone , the idea of black wings to be stripped from the painted leafage , the vulgar idea of blood splashes washed off the notation of geraniums .	1
Claims to be .	1
There is then no magnetic force on the ions , only on the electrons .	1
Tim will you eat it up please ?	0
Look what I 've done .	0
We shall rather return to a very simple geometrical configuration for deriving Ohm 's law .	1
Now why , what made them take it to the stage	1
It was the heat and sunshine and privacy he liked .	0
From the party viewpoint Law 's methods were successful but dangerous ; expectations raised when the party was in full cry were not easily set aside for an eventual compromise , and the only outcome that would fully vindicate the methods was the recovery of power .	1
Going to bed with Jean fucking , fucking shite !	0
I do n't know do they	0
like cooking this week .	1
The warm-blooded supporters tend to ally themselves with the supporters of a theory about the relationships of the dinosaurs .	1
I just want it no no I 'd like that small one .	0
No , no .	0
Coloured lanterns hung in the trees which fringed the lawn and bordered the lake beyond .	0
As hostage .	0
Somewhat to his surprise , Dalgliesh found himself accepting .	1
‘ He 's a law unto himself , the master .	1
He had many contacts in Germany .	1
She .	0
They could n't be that unfair and ruthless . ’	0
She drained her glass .	0
Now where are those little , biscuits we had before ?	1
It would be unduly optimistic to assume that management skills have risen to a level such that costs undertaken can be assumed to be equivalent to value .	1
I see , yes , yeah .	1
Ninety per cent of his party 's cash comes from the unions , which will expect a return .	1
The work of previously marginalised artists has become an area of rich speculation among art dealers priced out of the ‘ modern masters ’ market .	1
They 're getting six hundred like .	0
I thought about that !	1
Is it ?	0
"In the long debates over Marconi in 1913 and over the Curragh "" mutiny "" in 1914 Law was able to nail Asquith 's evasions where a more polished stylist might have been foiled ."	1
‘ We had ham salad that day too .	1
Again , the G1S implications are clear and are discussed below .	0
Tasks agreed for the IGBP-DIS include making available a ‘ directory of data directories ’ modelled on NASA 's Master Directory , providing data sets for education and training and undertaking a land cover pilot study .	0
Cup of tea , turn the car round and go back .	0
Yeah I was gon na say same .	0
The researchers , headed by Dr Margaret Klinowska , a Cambridge biologist , and David Goodson , an expert on acoustic engineering at Loughborough University , say new data shows that plastic sound reflectors to fishing nets can warn dolphins of hazards .	1
What is it gon na be ?	0
Many Germans , with their prizes , crossed safely into Switzerland .	0
‘ Yes , I suppose it was . ’	0
Isobel wants	0
Only Mondays .	0
Got his use	1
This will get modern usage of words .	1
The poem highlights two important twelfth-century developments : the use of force in punishing aristocratic crime ( the fruit of princely peace-keeping ) , and the increasing significance of siege-engines in warfare .	1
He loved the place and he returned every year to play an often small part as umpire of races between undistinguished clubs far below the Olympic standard he was obliged to administer .	1
If if Labour say get in	1
The electric force on an electron of charge e travelling at the edge of the beam ( R = a ) is it is in the radial direction pointing outwards .	1
No no no no no	0
‘ For God 's sake , Nell .	0
Crucial to the development process is the relationship built up between the analyst and the user .	1
No sorry .	0
Do you want to be slowly battered to death , before dying in agony ? ’	1
Once the user becomes familiar with the proposed system , helpful comments come thick and fast .	1
Such techniques include the use of a ‘ risk assessment tool ’ ( RISKAT ) , inputs to which include data on wind direction and speed ; the output of which is a map of calculated risk contours .	0
He held a chair in physics from 1937 until his retirement publishing more than 150 papers on atomic and nuclear physics .	1
But you could n't fucking move at that .	1
The need for harmonization is obvious and , in this respect , must follow from the successful pioneering achievements of EUROSTAT in harmonizing the definitions in trade , demographic and other ‘ social science ’ statistics ( see CEC 1990b ) .	0
While ultimately qualitative , it seems to offer a method for coping with different types of process and incorporating stochastic and truly random events .	0
An alternative non-punitive paradigm of probation practice is described .	0
Is that where	1
look at the price !	0
BRINGING FOSSILS BACK TO LIFE	1
We rattled them from the first minute and did n't give them any breathing space .	1
He did n't let the side down . ’	1
He wore that mantle well at Rome University until his retirement in 1978 .	1
The encounter he now saw as an omen , a shadow cast by a coming event .	1
‘ We did n't get that sort of stuff till late into 1944 , ’ said the DDA .	1
Oh I see .	1
I was , estimate normal time	0
What were you looking at ?	0
Good system development goes through two distinct phases .	1
A high level of mobility in the structure allows for continuous interchange of roles and ideas , and retains for the Unified National Command the closeness to grass roots that is required to make it truly reflect people 's wishes and sentiments .	1
The most important source of information , from agents inside Germany , was from a group under Rudolf Roessler .	1
So we are left with eqn ( 3.11 ) .	1
Well why in the bloody hell I did n't go then ?	1
I did n't see her did I ?	0
Frogs are one of the more numerous of amphibian fossils .	0
yeah .	0
A hole in the road yes there 's lots of holes in this road .	0
The old bastard .	1
However , real problems may arise once Leinster attempt to win the loose ball .	1
I think where ,	0
Oh it 's cold in n it ?	0
Oh , you 've got the !	0
For instance , one hypothesis concerns the role of electromagnetic radiation , a source of which is overhead high-voltage transmission lines as noted earlier .	0
Bunn , who scored six goals in the previous round against Scarborough , this time turned into the provider , putting Milligan clear and free .	1
air it through .	1
I taught her the flat	0
Ours is actually a new house .	0
Although much of the fine detail can be seen most of the tissue of the leaf is destroyed .	0
These aims are implemented through the practice of four distinguishable but related methods .	1
Ooh out of breath from this hill .	1
Something like that . ’	1
The possible link between nitrates in water and stomach cancer is the subject of much debate ( Beresford 1985 ) , as is the association between aluminium content and Alzheimer 's disease .	0
I 'm on your side , Adam .	1
This might include data on morbidity and mortality , uptake of preventative medicine , service use and availability , at both primary and hospital level .	1
in the car .	0
How to get to know about these things .	1
Those not involved find it difficult to gain very much from a presentation of a task description .	1
Post-Impressionism : Royal Academy of Arts , London 1980	0
It takes all sorts .	1
And that brings us to the ext example .	1
in er	0
George Graham was not amused .	0
More and more of the same .	0
Good	0
The sexless voices rose in the cold .	1
What sort of system of justice is that ? ’	1
Within some sophisticated GIS such as ARC/INFO there are some useful algorithms ( such as shortest path calculations ) , but GIS developers have in general failed to realize the natural links between GIS functions and many operations research techniques .	1
I 've been pushing for a long time but erm down here ?	1
Earnings crashed by a third to 41p .	1
This is to digress .	1
"Any plans ? """	1
Still in early September ?	1
His Lordship reached that decision without enthusiasm because it seemed that as a matter of common sense , notice should be given in such circumstances before criminal proceedings were launched .	1
I 'd invite them	0
Oh you had better stop	0
Somebody was looking after me cos I should n't have got out and I did .	1
We may , in fact , reinterpret any of the diagrams of Figs ( 2.25 ) -(2.31) by assuming that the whole space is filled with a material of conductivity formula] and the field lines are now the lines of current flow as well .	1
I ca n't hear you I 'm sorry wait till we get in the shop too noisy all these cars is n't it there we are nearly there now nearly there .	0
Gildings , Roman Way ( 0858 410414 ) .	0
How long did she live after the stroke ?	1
The very narrow emergency planning zones contrast with those in the USA ( Collins 1981 ) , where planning is required up to 16 km from the site to cover exposure to radiation plumes .	0
Instantly alert , Forster checked through his spy port .	1
I do n't need to , no , you just have to write it	0
Campbell presents a conceptual framework for the analysis of the organizational issues involved in the development and implementation of GIS .	0
Alice Mair had heard the car and came out to him from the kitchen , wiping her hands .	0
Mr Justice Hutchison said the 1936 Act primarily envisages a system where the local authority has a power and a duty to try to secure that premises are not in a state which constitutes a statutory nuisance .	1
But there 's a hell of a lot well into their seventies .	1
March winds .	0
I thought it would be	0
Mark asked him .	0
Nowhere was the impact of this clumsy sleight of hand more evident than in the inner cities , where voluntary organizations had been most active , and where the Government was most anxious for them to mop up unemployment .	1
Well do n't to me I 've only just you	0
First , we could search for some analogue of the potential function which proved so useful in electrostatics .	1
Did you tell her we 'll wait here ?	0
Very kind , but international players are supposed to be habitually influential , and it was Hazard who in the second half , with a few incisive passes , gifts from the heavens on a day like this , left a greater mark .	1
in the car ,	0
The detailed specific roles of ‘ the System ’ ( comprising both agency and network ) are envisaged as :	0
It 's important .	0
This takes three main forms : checklists , routines and knowledge-texts .	1
a Non-punitive Paradigm of Probation Practice : Some Sobering Thoughts L.R. SINGER	0
hotel .	0
On the other hand you have a whole generation of TV watchers that does n't really know the rules .	1
The Lauriergracht in Amsterdam was gloomed and glittering .	0
Uncle Keith did that .	1
hang about , you see what it says here oh you do n't play that one , just the something for you to write underneath , I thought it was complicated	0
By GEORGE JONES	0
Nevertheless , during the 1980–1 events and their aftermath the political context was discussed from a number of perspectives .	1
Within the next decade , as the privatized water companies develop their GIS , we shall see a massive amount of data conversion in this area .	1
You ca n't get away with that any more . ’	1
I mean it was so funny because it was	0
few months were n't they ?	0
Yes , oh well .	0
Come on dad .	0
Atmospheric circulation ( and , in turn , precipitation and temperature ) is also greatly affected by the balance of thermal energy at the land surface , itself affected by the vegetation and terrain characteristics .	0
Yeah , go on .	1
About seven yes	1
Before Raymont works towards ‘ ways of showing respect , understanding and affection to members of the opposite sex ’ , she should realise that the opposite sex 's obsession with ‘ members ’ is a problem of enormous gravity .	1
How much ?	0
We discuss here some relevant work on the siting of facilities for the disposal of nuclear wastes before examining those for non-nuclear wastes .	0
Thomson was also prolific in instrumental music on both chamber and solo scale .	1
‘ But you promised your grandmother not to learn to fly , ’ Adam objected .	0
At the end of summer , her body stops wanting gin and tonics and suddenly desires whisky .	1
And then in the first place you 're getting enough money you can you can bash it away and that 'll pay for your furniture .	1
He had not prayed for Ann Maguire .	0
But in some areas EDs are very extensive physical units and the shapes will be quite distorted .	0
Yes love I am going to say something sensible !	0
her and Vicki had a piece .	0
But the coffee Did you buy it in Bromley ?	0
Dressing up , role playing and masquerade form the conceptual basis of Kahlo 's work .	0
And we have n't , got a meow .	0
Add them up .	0
Leinster have been undermined by their failure to secure prestige fixtures since the mid-Seventies .	1
Probably is .	0
You were saying	0
In terms of databases on hazardous wastes , attention has already been drawn to the waste disposal plans prepared by WRAs .	1
First !	0
No more at this stage .	1
Letter : Cardinal sins	0
Well that 's fine .	1
Oh yeah ?	0
which hand do I have to do it with ?	0
Hmm do n't think we 've ever been in	0
That 's without the operation .	1
‘ Something that will interest you , Adam , something to make you sit up .	1
He goes round saying wicked , it 's his favourite word .	0
Her spirits were at their lowest ebb .	1
they come home they 've got ta snuggle up in bed with a book	0
Preferably three but not essentially .	0
This fossil bark is typified by its lozenge-shaped leaf scars arranged in spiral rows .	1
And I 'll just make the rest of the with salad in .	0
In terms of principle , the rule requires justification because it departs from the principle of correspondence ( see Chapter 5.2(a) ) , namely that the fault element in a crime should relate to the consequences prohibited by that crime .	1
And some kind of	0
Avon treads warily .	1
In effect , therefore , the PLO exists at all levels of organisation within the occupied territories .	1
This article challenges the conceptual and practical appropriateness of applying the notion of punishment to the probation context .	1
Hang on a minute !	1
Still whistling , Buzz laid the tray .	0
And went back .	0
It was fabulous .	1
Not sure of the music policy , but the name sounds like the ingredients of a takeaway from a less salubrious Chinese .	1
BACKGROUND : UNDER-FIVES SERVICES IN ISLINGTON , 1983	1
Invite .	0
In these terms it is very difficult to justify , for example , sending a member of staff on a training course .	1
By CHRISTIAN WOLMAR	0
‘ Come into my office for a drink .	0
‘ Yourself .	0
Keller was made a Steward of Henley Royal Regatta in 1976 , a time when the proliferation of new six-lane , still-water courses around the world , which had emerged under his guidance , seemed a threat to the regatta founded in 1829 .	1
All the dirty tricks start now though .	1
Mrs Thatcher , a recent convert to environmental conservation , clearly held the opinion that environmental problems are not only soluble but that solving them can be shown to be cost-effective :	0
Preferably er but it really does n't matter .	0
Oh , alright .	0
Er I I do n't know Johnston er Johnston !	0
But they keep it .	1
‘ Penny for them , ’ he said .	0
Well they ai n't gon na stay there long !	1
‘ What else ?	0
I have no record of anything	0
You 're joking .	0
I I would have done tonight those but	0
‘ In a tough market you need to get the programme right , the price right and have a little bit of luck . ’	1
Yes they	0
Conducive to tripping about !	1
German 's off !	0
He drew the conclusion from this that the riot ‘ came like a bolt out of the blue ’ ( Guardian , 21 November 1985 ) .	1
There was no longer any need for her to be	0
DPP ( 1975 ) , but abandoned in Moloney ( 1985 ) on grounds of uncertainty .	1
But I shall miss her . ’	0
In this painting , a memorial to a woman 's tragic death is transformed into an indictment of the culture which destroyed her .	1
Related to this problem is that of making population estimates for new zones that result from overlay operations .	1
Thus , to understand some local and many regional , national and continental and all global environmental events , we need to have a global perspective and hold global databases ( Rhind and Mounsey 1989 ; Mounsey and Tomlinson 1988 ) .	0
Yes I do .	0
Personal view of the files on .	1
First came Four Saints in Three Acts , produced in 1934 , and then The Mother of Us All ( 1947 ) , which demonstrated a new kind of plotless opera only now reaching a wider currency through the stage works of Philip Glass .	1
Without the presence of a lead compound , an engine 's valve seats go unprotected .	1
Here are look !	0
Yet given what we have learned about links between the security services and the Loyalist paramilitaries in Northern Ireland , and the deep suspicion about surrogate murders , you ca n't shrug off the shiver Conlon 's words bring .	1
All in all , Bobby Robson must have found it about as fruitful as a day trying to get in touch with Brian Clough .	1
Most probably take out and sell them what 's	0
Bristol and West hopes that by arranging collective auctions it will be able to overcome this problem .	1
They do take the bottoms off them .	0
Yeah , so that 's an , an idea for	0
I 'm not rushing to La Borg anymore .	0
Most of them get back into it in a big way .	1
So it 's four so	0
half a case .	0
But Lyon is a very big town .	0
So far they have received nothing from the Government , little EC assistance and are running out of funds donated by individuals and industry .	1
So kindly curb your theatrical , James Bond streak .	1
"As the Poets ' Garden , a decoration for the bedroom of the "" poet Gauguin "" was more than it seemed ."	0
From Central Office , and from around his entourage , came the unmistakable signs of fair-weather friends preparing to detach themselves from blame for defeat .	1
Bogged down !	1
again to me !	1
Some do	0
He finished dressing , then came and held her by the shoulders , kissing her lightly on the mouth .	0
What was he called ?	0
That 's why they do it in the middle but it 's	1
‘ Be still my restless heart , ’ the man had a strong , caressing voice and the slow luscious accent of America 's deep south .	1
The converse case — the effect of physical climate changes on biogeochemical processes — is also of obvious importance : changes in annual averages and cycles of temperature and precipitation , together with the probabilities of extreme events such as prolonged droughts or frosts , are major determinants of terrestrial ecosystem type , at least in areas largely unaffected by human activity .	0
So I thought well in case I ca n't get them anywhere else the market and he said well we 'll have one from here , twelve ninety nine .	0
The settlement and infrastructure field is also characterized by a wide range of users with a great diversity of interests .	0
I repeat that l do not believe that the principal cause of last week 's riots was the conduct of the police .	0
About this holiday you know this arrangement	1
In her publicity photographs she could , he recalled , look beautiful in a somewhat intimidating , intellectual and very English mould .	1
When she moves the .	0
West Germans will then issue new ones .	0
This development , together with the availability of digital terrain models , will allow quite sophisticated flood forecasting models to be developed within a GIS framework .	1
Flow patterns and Ohm 's law ( J , E , D )	1
The essays in this book do not amount to a programme : but they are intended to provide a springboard for one .	1
As is common practice , Landlords kept the tenant 's deposit of £650 and told Debbie they would take their entire fee of £881 up front , so she expected no rent for the first month .	1
On occasion , their determination to sacrifice for Christ played directly into their overlord 's hands , as when the count of La Marche , who had no direct heir , sold his county to King Henry II in 1177 .	1
That take me nearly all the er	1
Is that a male .	0
Given that ‘ most GIS are rather dumb systems , requiring intelligent , very computer literate users ’ , managing natural and technological hazards means that this knowledge base must be built into the system so that it can be utilized quickly by untrained users after a disaster has taken place or in an emergency .	0
Well it 's	0
‘ Two of our number have been killed .	0
Mr & Mrs Manuel Reyero .	0
Well Loaded Much talked-about guitar rockers , generally regarded as destined for the bigger stadia of life , unless they self-destruct en route .	1
Should those decisions not be taken by the courts , in the same way as other sentencing decisions ?	1
‘ Should n't you wait until Adam gets back ? ’	0
There are important differences between the chapters in this part both in the nature of the demands that they make on geographic information and also in the relative importance that is attached to geographic criteria as against other issues by planners and decision-makers in these fields .	1
‘ Thirty thousand Nazis ?	0
The cost has gone through the barn roof . ’	1
I mean , it does n't mean what it says in the dictionary any more .	1
In some cases additional subscriptions may be obtained , in others full responsibility may be avoided .	1
‘ In which department ? ’	1
Yusuf and Shabira Gulamali were less fortunate .	0
Experience with practical calculations helps , but even after years of work one usually remains this side of infallibility .	1
Listen , go away She does n't say go away very much now .	0
I think I 'm looking forward to a normal day honey	1
Well .	0
BTP 's enlarged specialist chemicals activities boosted turnover to £60.1million , from £44.8million , in the September half and profit rose to £9.6 million from £5.6 million , including an exceptional £3.1 million , from the Rizzi engineering sale in Italy .	1
Mm , mm .	0
to be transplanted	1
Nines .	0
They saw the damage Hitler was doing .	1
He picks all out	0
Yes you would .	0
It was this group that radioed the warning of Operation Blue , the attack on Stalingrad that led to Hitler 's biggest wartime disaster on the Russian Front . ’	1
Each of these may be further subdivided and the typology shown in Fig. 10.1 draws upon the classic work of Burton and Kates ( 1964 ) in separating geophysical from biological hazards and Zeigler et al. ( 1983 ) in distinguishing public ( or what we might call societal ) hazards from private ( individual ) ones .	0
Watch !	0
Mm well that , that 's all , that 's for ?	1
Even so , no room to swing a cat .	1
Note the enormous flexibility compared with a routine which would tell him only how to get from one particular point to another .	1
It helped us to derive Biot-Savart 's law , it will come handy later in solving certain radiation problems , and it often leads to nice formulae , e.g. for the magnetic flux crossing a surface , defined as formula that may be rewritten in terms of the vector potential as follows : formula where C is the curve enclosing the surface .	1
Yeah I crashed mine .	0
Not that I know of .	0
Must be hell of a shock being told	1
He claims that serious work on inner-city policy began in 1979 : but it was , undoubtedly , the riots of 1981 , coinciding with the biggest drop in employment and job vacancies since the war , which gave impetus to the new approach .	1
Referee : R Gifford ( Llandradach ) ..	0
The interrelationship between environmental ethics and economics .	0
Oh no no no	0
that 's what 's	0
Why , what you got on ?	1
It is noteworthy , however , that the Royal Society made a plea for just this type of multidisciplinary work in its submission on greenhouse gases to the House of Lords ' Select Committee on Science and Technology ( Royal Society 1989 : 40 ) .	0
And the other artery was ninety percent blocked .	0
Giant-eyed living crustacean ( Cystosoma )	0
Once hazards have been identified there may follow efforts to assess the hazard risk .	0
Since many kinds of trilobites co-existed at any one time they were probably occupying different ecological niches , behaving in different ways , corresponding with the wide variation in shape that they show .	1
Such a move towards greater political integration was seen by Lord Scarman as essential if the gap between inner-city residents and the forces of law and order was to be bridged .	1
It is also urging the conference to oppose a motion , supported by the National Union of Mineworkers , to commit a Labour government to abolishing all nuclear power within 15 years .	1
His strategy was rather to canalize the enthusiasm of the diehards into party channels , to articulate their views , and to create unity from the sense of movement .	1
Comparing eqns ( 3.41 ) and ( 3.42 ) we get formula] .	1
A glimpse of the impact of the 1980–1 riots at this level can be achieved through two important debates in Parliament .	1
Well I do n't know which turns out best	1
But the Government did find a way of accepting a link between the riots and social problems without bringing its main policies into the debate : namely by linking the growth of violent disorder to crime and drugs .	1
Cos I cos I had	0
The rather clumsy handling by NIREX of the search for sites to store low- and intermediate-level wastes , together with very recent worries about the import of toxic wastes such as polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , are but two examples of such concern in the UK .	0
Vogue , February 1990 , p. 130–1 .	0
Have you ?	0
Empty now Tim ?	0
In fact there is nothing fixed about such interpretations , because the way the fossils are understood may change over the years , but it is usually some time before new discoveries percolate into the popular presentations .	1
Oh you 're colouring Postman Pat .	0
Three are prostitutes introduced to the drug by pimps .	1
Return to your family and children .	0
We went to Tesco to buy some milk .	0
for you to go	0
That 's okay .	1
Lewis 's subdued air had changed to one of high good humour .	1
How did you feel as you came to the end of your working week yesterday afternoon ?	1
By examining the way these animals were put together it is possible to suggest a likely mode of life .	1
Four .	0
‘ What 's happening ? ’	0
The advent of fourth generation languages ( 4GLs ) has made system development much easier .	1
You fellers I 'll get up !	0
I I mean you can put anything in there really .	0
Kinnock 's a funny he really is .	0
She patted his wrist .	0
Mark sighed .	0
A key aspect of the 1977 White Paper was the stress it placed on the wider effects of poverty : that it was not just those with acute needs who suffered .	1
That took him by surprise .	1
Delaney knew there was no way she would be shifted from her chosen course .	1
er , partly back .	1
No	0
And she got ta showed down	0
Erm Well she might well do .	0
dickhead !	0
He 's gon na out with some stick !	1
Thus processes and interrelationships are mostly obvious , simple and linear ; data are usually readily available and may be voluminous .	0
I know , but I 'm loathed to give them out .	0
No .	0
( a ) The Procedural Context	1
Exciting .	0
In parliament he was wont to abandon an argument half-completed if he sensed that his point had been made ; the speeches that appear in Hansard were touched up by his staff , and his speeches in the country were given to the press in advance .	1
Ian Richards ' book , How to Use a Computer to Improve Your Business , has just been published by Graham & Trotman ( £8.95 paperback ; £16 hardback ) .	0
She squared up to him , defiantly ,	1
do it lot 's and lot 's	1
It was ironical that ten days before he had seen Shiva at Heathrow .	0
You do n't want anything to eat ?	0
In short , they are seriously at risk of committing further offences and becoming trapped in the revolving door of custody .	1
No I can manage on my own thank you .	1
Of particular interest is the construction of maps showing the expected annual amounts of damage for gridded flood-prone areas .	0
Would it be right , then , to confine the fault element in murder to an intent to kill ?	1
Yeah , that 's right .	1
Well , that 's normal .	1
You 're not alone .	0
Thus the curl operates on the coordinates of P but not on those of dl leading to formula where ir is the unit vector in the direction r and we have made use of the vector relation ( A3 ) in the Appendix .	1
In the bedroom .	0
What is your situation ?	1
It was so beautiful you know	0
Ee , er , Friday .	0
"It makes me wild . """	1
On the other hand The Young Riders came 51st in the ratings in its first week , trailing far , far behind all the modern myths about modern times such as The Cosby Show , Roseanne , Golden Girls , Cheers and Matlock .	1
No captain she has her six months leave .	1
Where are you going to ?	0
Two addition .	1
Would love a cup of coffee though .	0
And you watch	0
Though there has been a change of Prime Minister and of the Secretary of State for the Environment since the publication of the White Paper , the environmental cause seems as strong as ever .	0
Invited to .	0
The collection of historical data on natural hazards is important since it is clear that their spatial pattern varies through time .	0
Training of unskilled staff to operate this equipment and to exploit the scientific data is now a major role for GRID staff .	0
These are so popular that you will need to book at least a couple of months in advance .	1
The return is actually in the improved human resource but this is not readily measurable in terms which accountants use .	1
( When he became Chancellor of the Exchequer this practice caused consternation at the Treasury , when he used only a page of notes to assist him in moving complicated resolutions on wartime finance ; he relied successfully on his memory to provide details and figures . )	1
So the thing , the thing to do is to sort of dot around in the conversation things like antidisestablishmentarianism .	1
Figure 8.1 summarizes the main features of this matrix .	1
Most of them became good Americans .	0
The analysis points to the need for the development of a fuzzy geodemographics methodology which takes account of the effects of different types of spatial errors .	0
In other words , does English criminal law pick out the most heinous forms of killing as murders and manslaughters , or are the boundaries frozen by tradition ?	1
Well it 's good good , got a well lagged tank .	0
This was a night in their minds — a creature from the darker side of man 's intellect .	1
Can we claim then that the vector potential is as useful as its scalar counterpart in electrostatics ?	1
I wish I could I 'd like to	0
I do n't know er only be a matter of	0
Oh Tim	0
A wee wee !	0
This is Biot-Savart 's law derived directly from Maxwell 's equations .	1
Yeah you do .	0
‘ Angela not working today ? ’	0
I knew I 'd got one somewhere .	0
This might have had the effect of drawing families into the specialist system at an earlier stage .	1
We 've got five weeks discouraged from taking more than a fortnight at a time .	1
End of story .	1
Same time , same place ?	1
So I said , if you are a good girl you can choose a cake .	0
I 'll wash up .	0
The emphasis on ‘ crime ’ and the ‘ criminal acts ’ of the rioters in the official responses to the 1985 riots took a general and a specific form .	1
No , I , originally , they they were open seven nights a week .	0
‘ That 's why we 've got to take risks , ’ Nell put in .	1
Obviously just come in .	1
And black Ashley came in .	1
Paradise , launched on CBS last season and shown on BBC1 this summer , was the first new western serial for a decade .	1
Is she ?	0
Forster half rolled , his Uzi trembling in his hand as he got off half a clip at point blank range .	1
Here comes the	0
I think it was because er cos we 'd got Iris ' er er Triumph did n't we ?	0
Could he moved south .	0
The Chicheley-Smythes have bought an absolutely super villa in Sardinia and say we could rent it if we 'd like to .	0
Drawing , oh well !	1
It should suit Tony Dorigo , the unblooded England left-back , though oddly his rival , Nigel Winterburn , did more rampaging on Saturday ; neither , in truth , made the heart pound .	1
Right off we go then .	0
British Land closed at 405p , a net gain of 48p .	1
In their formal language , Kahlo 's works are exemplary of certain feminist arguments ; the adoption of the decorative , the intimate and non-fine art mediums reveals the restrictive nature of traditional definitions of ‘ high art ’ .	1
It is a curious comment on Thatcherism , however , that the administration most committed to a reduction in the role of the state , and in the need for an independent private sector , has spent more on specific urban regeneration and employment schemes and incentives to private investment in urban areas than any other in recent history .	1
The small light beneath the receiver rests showed that the line was working .	1
WHO TO WATCH While the best that chart music can manage in the way of band names is Black Box , the pub circuit has always been ripe with imaginative handles .	1
For computational purposes the answer is an unambiguous no .	0
Who me ?	0
back to my diet today .	1
Used slave labour .	0
As George Graham indicated upon his side 's accession to the title , they would need more composure and sophistication to match Liverpool in the longer term .	1
Second , it would consolidate the image and essence of the Intifada as a constructive , not a destructive , force .	1
Zeigler et al. ( 1983 ) should be consulted for material relating to evacuation behaviour in the wake of the incident at Three Mile Island .	0
Just cos you thought you were	0
The character of the rocks , and their setting in the past geography at the time when they accumulated , diagnoses the climatic setting in which the extinct fauna lived , and climate imposes certain restraints on possible modes of life .	1
One is to acquire a human asset multiplier for each level of staff .	1
If in doubt , ask to see proof of their membership .	1
Do you see Brookside last night ?	0
We could can prime them up on what to say and types of things to talk about so they do n't get moaned down or something !	1
Mind the chair !	0
A case in point is inland and coastal flooding .	1
I mean that heater is not on full , not on full power .	1
It has been slightly crushed .	0
Take a look .	1
Might do yeah .	0
Alright ?	0
Would they get in touch with him now ?	0
it , and you can relax in these	1
Ooh ooh ooh ooh !	0
The emphasis on high wages is important .	1
you know , five , half five-ish .	0
For three reasons such a move should be welcomed .	1
Rhind 's chapter on environmental monitoring and prediction discusses the role of geographic information management in promoting sustainable development on a global scale in the context of the issues identified in the Brundtland report .	1
But I can tell you you 're wasting your efforts looking for Martin Bormann in South America .	0
The Chairman of the company told him he was most impressed with the contribution he 's made to the business , and that he could go right to the top if he keeps it up .	1
Forgive me smiling but does everybody do that , fall over the step there ?	0
So the carpets may be as well .	0
Definition of the impacts of climate change on eastern Europe and the developing countries ;	0
That is a real challenge , ’ she said .	1
He paused , reminding McLeish irresistibly of a Labrador wondering how best to approach an acquaintance .	1
‘ So do these fellas you pick up .	1
Have you vegetables	0
Muldoon seemed to be taking a long time over his coffee .	1
No , cos Julie wanted a boy and Andy wanted another girl !	0
Some of the schemes they come up with .	0
She shook her head .	0
Leinster will be hard pushed to keep the score within the respectable margins of defeat set by their predecessors .	1
That tap sorted us both out . ’	1
It just says a cooker point .	1
Lot of things daddy has n't seen .	1
They keep an eye	1
‘ That means you came from the same egg .	1
Yeah , on holiday .	1
‘ Your mother was Malise Fielding , am I right ?	0
That is , this .	0
No problem at all .	0
Second , a well-known winter hazard in the UK , with marked spatial localization , is fog .	0
‘ Mueller wo n't give a damn about the effect of a corporate plan on Europe and on individual countries .	1
They look really nice .	0
The aim of this article is to challenge the assertion contained in the White Paper Crime , Justice and Protecting the Public ( Home Office , 1990a ) that probation practice can be conceived of as a form of punishment in the community .	1
I mean , they 're all chartsey stuff but	1
The Beacon had been in existence for many years and in the past had catered for up to thirty children with a wide range of disabilities and needs .	1
And my twin brother . ’	0
Many necessary data sets were unavailable for reasons of administrative inadequacies , confidentiality constraints , cost or non-collection in certain countries ;	0
Later it was revealed that the money had come from a different source .	1
On the other hand , sometimes the drama of the auction and the competition between bidders can have the opposite effect .	1
There are still many there who have n't forgotten the war .	0
The enormous rise in the economic value of her work has developed in tandem with the increased critical and popular response to her particular blend of naive style and incisive content .	1
At least the outcome was appropriate .	0
The Directive , which is commonly referred to as the ‘ Seveso ’ Directive , was issued in June 1982 and in the UK its requirements were embodied in the Control of Major Accident Hazard ( CIMAH ) Regulations ( 1984 ) .	0
add six	1
According to according to what they say now they did .	0
Dislocated from its political context , it hangs like a piñata above the teeming streets of the city ; decorative yet potentially explosive .	1
Need anything else ?	0
First , it distanced the riots from the social , economic , political , and other grievances which had been linked to them by locating the cause outside the ‘ social problems ’ of inner-city dwellers and in the ‘ simple greed ’ of the drug barons to accumulate ‘ loot ’ .	1
Central to this approach is said to be an emphasis upon guidance from the best available scientific evidence .	0
Sir : Labour does not need a commitment to proportional representation in order to scoop most of the centre ground at the next general election .	1
Why not ?	0
‘ An enchantress .	1
So they took it	1
In Britain , the tight financial regime imposed on local councils and the reluctance of central government to take on any new expenditure makes it necessary to seek funds from the private sector .	1
Research on hazards is multidisciplinary and straddles the social , environmental and mathematical sciences .	0
Under Malcolm Fraser the party began to make effective use of its support in Fleet Street .	1
Mm our daffodils are coming out nicely .	0
I think they 're probably a little bit more expensive but he is much cheaper than in	0
have to worry no .	1
Gerald !	0
Privacy is a ticklish business where close neighbours are concerned .	1
""" With hedge-cutters "" ."	0
And left .	0
a little bit was n't it ?	1
He sent you a letter .	0
‘ How did the Planning meeting go ? ’	1
I 'm impressed are n't you ?	0
Perhaps a shimmering dry Martini cocktail ( minimum dilution , stirred , not shaken ; and served straight up ) looks even more refreshing , though its effect is that of a silver mallet .	1
He hugged her ; kissed her cheek .	0
Fine , thank you .	1
Lots of old posters on the wall .	0
Unfortunately you can not reach this stage until you have developed a prototype system .	1
Go away !	0
8 .	0
We do n't need cat food .	0
It was providing 27,500 training places ( often in conjunction with the Manpower Services Commission ) : some 2,500 buildings were being improved ; estate action aimed to tackle run down housing ; and a large number of new ‘ partnerships ’ ( which some might see as subsidies , or discredited regional grants , in a new guise ) were in operation , in an effort to bring private investment to run-down urban areas .	1
‘ If I 'm allowed to buy my own . ’	0
A government would provide the roof which would bring these walls together .	1
People are holding off now cutting back	1
Erm I mean it was a top floor flat .	0
Above .	0
Of almost all the great measures with which his name is associated , he attained great eminence as an opponent before he attained even greater eminence as their advocate . ’	1
This example assumes that a sympathy for motorists with overwhelm any tendency to logical analysis .	1
mass-produced camera he had used , but quite a good one .	0
Yeah exactly , yes .	0
The main thrust of the Government 's policy is contained in the January 1988 White Paper on Regional Policy and the Enterprise Economy , in the new Employment Training programme , and especially in the March 1988 Action for Cities programme — all resting on wider reforms to local government structure and finance , and to education and housing .	1
It 's only a headache . ’	0
‘ What did he say ? ’	0
It has Colchester oysters .	1
If the PNC Declaration of Independence constituted a major landmark in this process , the time has come to embark on another major step , that of declaring the setting up of a state or government structure .	1
Indeed yes .	0
Does that mean he may lay an information and bring the matter before the magistrates without first putting the person alleged to be in default on notice of what is alleged ?	1
The British were involved with them through us and it was their advanced work on breaking cyphers that enabled the ring to establish such a great record .	1
Two quid and , and a drink , yeah .	0
Got the heater yeah yeah .	0
I mean , please excuse the mess wo n't you .	0
They wanted to go there .	0
Fortunately , Leinster 's front five , which includes the experienced tight-head prop Des Fitzgerald , looks upto the task of scrummaging against the All Blacks .	1
Oh yeah	0
‘ You promise ? ’	0
What do you mean , what 's happening tomorrow ?	0
This page ?	0
Once he lets down his defences half the social workers in Norfolk , amateur and professional , will move in on him . ’	1
The girl was clearly a natural flyer .	0
The Chief Constable for the West Midlands , Geoffrey Dear , took this argument further by pointing out that the day before the riots a successful carnival had taken place , with the support of local community leaders .	1
Just the three .	0
‘ I shall have to get in touch with the police .	0
You do it	0
Very likely in n it ?	0
The art of self-expression becomes self-expression as art .	0
beginning careers , well it is in a catalogue , the book is in a catalogue , yeah , so there 's a front cover of the book sitting in the catalogue smiling at her , saying please buy this book of Christopher .	1
No two , four , six , eight , ten , twelve	0
Anyway	0
I spoke to today .	1
I usually leave that to you . ’	1
Dutch elm disease is a floral hazard but is exacerbated by the transport of infected logs .	0
What 's his name ?	0
This thing , is it on , off ?	1
Landlords did n't acknowledge the writ , so in January Debbie 's solicitor requested a judgment in default for the full amount plus interest and court fees , a total of £2,453.24 .	1
That 's that erm Dartmoor Wildlife Park , that 's Dartmoor or wherever it is !	1
‘ He 's gon na plan , direct and control worldwide planning operations from Detroit , including the regional planning functions . ’	1
Given the extent to which geographic information management is applications driven , it is important to consider in some depth the characteristics of some potential application fields .	1
In effect the product of the discussion in both parts is a matrix where the methodological issues are listed along one axis and particular applications fields on the other .	1
What do you think ?	0
Their attitude is different to us .	1
5 .	0
‘ Is it ?	0
The police driver shot Jamie a look of enquiry which he missed , occupied as he was with guiding Miss Williams back up the hill .	1
‘ You 're talking fuel , food and liquor , plus any toys you might want aboard like scuba equipment , snorkels , jet-skis or sailboards . ’	0
The struggle therefore went on to keep the Unionist press alive , and in 1912 and 1913 both Aitken and Northcliffe stood by the party and gave valuable support in their papers .	1
No you did n't .	0
It is	0
It may , of course , be easier to quantify risk for natural hazards because of historical records and statistical estimation of recurrence intervals .	0
Many ex-Nazis , even Gestapo , working and living normal everyday lives . ’	0
By MARTYN HARRIS	0
Tournaments were disapproved of by ecclesiastics , for they could be both bloody and dangerous .	0
Er a month .	0
Bribery and corruption !	1
Actually a very big girl as these things go , nine pounds .	1
Vaison does n't like sultana .	0
Scott 's first venture into this unlikely field of design was at Battersea where , in 1930 , he was wheeled in as a famous knighted architect by the London Power Company to try to make acceptable the coal-fired monster power station to which the residents of Chelsea and Westminster were taking strong exception .	1
Forster 's radio-projected voice broke into her thoughts .	1
Not very much	0
Both in the military and in the Government .	1
‘ It 's just that there really is trouble at t'mill , ’ she said quietly .	0
Coincidentally , as the community and their lives together broke up , so did the weather .	1
These positions were not held for his own status but to promote the cause of rowing where it needed clout .	1
I like Clem and Gwen and the girls would be nicer company for Andrew . ’	0
9	0
Both sets of data were provided by Pinpoint Analysis Ltd , who are undertaking this digitizing task for the entire country .	0
The beginnings are to be found in the diehard campaign against the Parliament Bill .	1
In any practical situation this pressure is small and can be neglected when calculating the forces on current-carrying conductors .	1
Nemesis had still come down like the wolf on the fold .	1
You 're going to watch Rosie and Jim dear .	0
What , miss the train ?	1
Delaney took the lead .	1
That 's it , yeah .	1
One thing about Zosie 's pilfering , she never stole rubbish .	1
In Four Saints Thomson 's informality was given free reign since he first of all improvised the music at the piano then , when it stuck , wrote it down to a figured bass .	1
Phworgh !	0
There is now cylindrical symmetry and a net charge per unit length formula , yielding for the radial component of the electric field formula .	1
And you have n't seen the the puppet show .	0
Muldoon made a face .	1
However , the course is not punitive ; it is not concerned with the infliction of pain .	1
The shares rose 9p to 443p .	1
I said catch it , you did n't catch it , .	0
getting paid again .	1
He took it on the chin .	1
Okay .	0
It is , however , impossible to separate out processes acting at different scales and over different periods : a single volcanic eruption lasting hours or days sometimes leads to dust and gas being ejected into the atmosphere over a period of months and this in turn may lead to global climatic fluctuations over years or decades .	0
Same on the adds .	1
Oh God !	0
Buy a bottle at five to two and leave it at two o'clock .	1
She 's not allowed to move	0
They	0
It plans to issue a protective writ but is hoping to achieve a settlement .	1
This type of tree has a history extending back to the upper Cretaceous .	1
Yeah this one , I mean upstairs has n't but this one has .	0
then can you ?	0
She swallowed half the glass .	0
All in all , it was not surprising that Suger , mulling over the precedents of early crusading , tried to dissuade Louis VII from embarking on his Jerusalem journey in 1145 .	1
I 'll tell you what they 're .	0
It was not a view of things with which Frederica was entirely in sympathy : she liked naming names .	1
You 're not supposed to .	0
It seemed strange to make that argument , Mr Cook said , when it was clear the whole policy review process was designed to placate the centre ground .	1
They 've both got whole	0
‘ No. ’ said the man .	0
‘ It 's scraped back to bare metal ! ’	1
More to the point , however , is the fact that this distribution can be modelled in terms of slopes , rainfall , rock types and so on .	0
Bit of a body !	1
To model the dispersal of a plume of toxic gas generated by a chemical explosion and its impact on the surrounding area , for example , an understanding of atmospheric dispersion models , epidemiology and population distribution would be required .	0
‘ I want to show you the clematis .	0
Now we shall say that in a class of materials the current density at any point is proportional to the electric field ; in mathematical form formula] , where formula] is the conductivity of the material .	1
First , it would consolidate the structures of the developing national authority which is competing to replace the occupation authority .	1
THANK God it 's Saturday .	0
This is quite a common preservation in coal measures .	1
There is a temptation to make these final diagrams very large , but often it is more useful to separate into small units with cross-referencing .	1
Yeah , that 's right !	1
Are we going to the canteen ? ’	0
Cake ?	0
‘ Overseas Governments and local nationals just wo n't stand for it , particularly when they get to know what 's going on .	1
One , we get out of here now .	0
I did n't think you could .	0
This emphasis is partly due to the background of the researchers involved ( many are human geographers and sociologists ) and partly because it is only really since the Second World War that major hazards have been monitored systematically , culminating , of course , in the last decade or so in the use of satellite technology .	0
As an example , the system is used to determine restriction zones for the movement of sheep after the explosion at Chernobyl in 1986 .	0
But it 's true , it does make a noise .	1
This should be followed by a separate section on how to set the system up in the first place and how to check that it is working properly .	1
Language was against him , for a start .	1
The pattern of the Intifada has been cyclical .	1
She 's just looking over there to see which one she wants to throw up on .	0
Instead , she 's been saved for the moment by an old-fashioned storyteller , worth millions — George Lucas of Star Wars .	0
Oh Charlotte will you pick up your feet .	0
Thomson 's songs contain some of his finest work .	1
But they will take into account the need for that balance that says that social spending without underpinning by economic growth will not be sustained in any event . ’	1
Second , the worker had an alternative peer group of under-fives workers who were key figures in controlling access to all other under-fives facilities .	1
No , we do n't like it too hot in the bed , well Stuart does n't .	0
At the start of the session the tutor 's notes make clear that directing extends beyond enforcing the conditions of attendance :	1
Have you made arrangements to meet him ?	1
Go away .	0
having it done today .	1
‘ But you wo n't , ’ he assured her .	0
A quick fix clearly becomes unfixed .	1
Labour sought to turn the general election into a referendum on the NHS , asking voters for a mandate to reverse the changes .	1
‘ As long as there 's ti me , that 's all we need . ’	0
She 's a poor old lady at the moment .	1
Peter Nutting , who led the association of Outhwaite members to a succesful settlement , said he sympathised with Gooda Walker names , but ‘ if the names were not going to pay these calls , who did they think was going to pay them ? ’	1
When I insist on that priority , as I can tell you I most certainly will — with the full support of the Prime Minister in doing so — then I 'm sure my colleagues will see the point of that .	1
What are you doing ?	0
Who the hell can ?	0
You work them out like that look .	0
Blimey !	0
Over the last 20 years or so a large theoretical literature has been developed to provide tools for the solution of many problems associated with emergency planning ( Kolesar 1981 ) .	1
Quite nice really is n't it ?	0
‘ I think we should go . ’	0
But the analyst has one great advantage over the doctor .	1
you fill it and take the money out their hand do n't you ?	0
‘ We 're trying to smooth the path for purchasers , and streamline the system , ’ says Graham Harrison , pointing out that live telephone bidding will also be available for those unable to attend .	1
And shut your mouth .	0
By PATRICK BARCLAY	0
It would be unfair both to the vector potential and to quantum mechanics to say that none of those formulations have engineering applications ( in fact the most sensitive magnetometer built to date is based on that kind of theory ) , but by and large engineers would n't lose much sleep if the use of A were banned with immediate effect .	1
By 1983 it had half that number on roll .	1
to the shop is it ?	0
Paul Harrison 's Inside the Inner City : Life under the Cutting Edge focused on Hackney , a London borough ranked among the worst off on any scale of urban deprivation ( Harrison , 1983 ) .	1
No one appeared as he drew up and , before lifting his hand to the bell , he paused to read the words of a stone plaque embedded in the flints to the right of the door .	0
Oh it 's bloody dangerous , very dangerous stuff !	1
It depends on , on the houses .	1
The data problem and partial solutions	0
The band went ran off in tears apparently .	1
That jarring manifestation of furious technology seemed as remote and ridiculous as a dream , as silence settled down on Kielderhead and the hawk 's whistle came down from the moors .	1
In Mike 's office , furnished with heavily varnished Victorian club furniture .	0
This is a recipe for fear and anxiety .	1
Buying and they finished off	0
Or , or , we always have done .	0
In this last section we highlight some important research areas as we see them .	0
Gus A were particularly prominent at 1118p , up 28p ahead of today 's interim figure .	1
That 's a lot	1
The police required a portable system that could be implemented on an IBM-compatible microcomputer .	0
Up to now we have not enquired into the question of how the current arose .	1
Blackpool 's under investigation .	1
Other recently depressed stores , and companies with businesses similar to Dixons , rose in sympathy .	1
No , not amorous : randy — we have a word for that .	1
In this system , the solution to the transportation problem is shown graphically on the road network , which is displayed on the computer screen .	1
Mmm	0
As noted above , the work of Fedra ( 1989 ) is a major step in this direction , and links need to be forged between initiatives in the UK and the rest of Europe .	1
Forster was quickly de-suited .	0
I like it .	0
Do n't be bloody foolish like I am , leaving you here .	0
I 've got a more important job here . ’	1
in a defensive posture , eyes searching the stacked containers , trying to probe the black , jagged recesses between them .	1
Erm along the main	0
The disposal of both nuclear and non-nuclear wastes has proved to be of major public concern in recent years .	0
Can you see the spikes ?	0
Through their revolution , the masses are both mother and midwife to the birth of this state .	1
‘ It 's my life which is about to go down the plughole .	1
He found himself encouraging , fostering , the scenario illusion .	1
Oh I think I 've got one .	0
Andrew Bibby reports	0
One of these whipped back at him and as he caught at it a thorn drove into the fleshy pad of his finger .	1
‘ Watch out . ’	0
I thought I could offer a lift if I had a woman with me , someone they know . ’	0
Leech and Amin ( 1988 , p. 14 ) summarize this approach , not unfairly , in the following terms :	1
In this context it was the externality of British Afro-Caribbeans and Asians which was highlighted rather the racist institutions and processes which worked against blacks at all levels of society .	1
she was on her way into town see	1
Well she 'll	0
This boat was called Dream Baby , and she was clearly an expensive infant for rods and whip-aerials and outriggers splayed from her upperworks like the antennae of some outlandish insect .	1
Should have come here what	0
You 're going to an awful lot of trouble for me love .	1
Clare never felt embarrassed discussing sex with Gilda , who could talk about little else .	1
And she came out you know seeing who was going in	0
Is the analogy perfect ?	0
Thus , at the global scale , the International Council of Scientific Unions ( ICSU ) has endorsed the setting up of the International Geosphere Biosphere Project ( IGBP ) to ‘ describe and understand the interactive physical , chemical and biological processes that regulate the total Earth system , the unique environment it provides for life , the changes that are occurring in that system and the manner by which these changes are influenced by human actions ’ ( Report of ad hoc Planning Group for IGBP 1986 , quoted in IGBP 1988 ) .	0
The legend could not be taken seriously any longer in what had been , admittedly , a threadbare form .	1
From MS MOLLY MEACHER	0
( b ) Degrees of Homicide	1
Terrible .	0
just	0
"Judging runs in the family . """	1
nine o'clock yeah .	0
But what I could n't understand with this this fella that	1
Ooh look at this .	1
Give her that back !	0
Yippee !	0
When the show was ended	0
Peter Yeo winced inwardly , but he was not going to tell Andy Barton that Angela was missing , or express any of his reservations about how much influence Angela could bring to bear .	1
The children using all of these services came from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds , though rarely was this actively and positively reflected in the type of care provided or the ethnic background of their carers .	1
Task analysis can be very expensive in skilled manpower , but in looking at cost/value it is important to include in value the increase in mutual understanding which occurs when a multi-disciplinary team conducts the analysis .	1
We should know something about the periodicity of the variables we are monitoring if we are not to risk either unnecessarily detailed data collection or aliasing of trends ;	0
value for money , yeah .	0
‘ I remember once getting a tap round the head from my dad .	0
That place is for you , Clare . ’	1
Supposed to be going down there this afternoon but	1
Three times a week ?	0
Go on !	1
Well since someone else switched it off I should think .	0
The other time , he remembered , it was his father who had n't been able to eat .	0
‘ I was stood outside me shop all night , and most were no more than kids . ’	0
‘ Now … ah , yes … we used the Lucy Ring .	0
When a vacancy arose within this group of social workers in 1983 it was decided to appoint someone specialising in work with under fives with special needs .	1
Yes just in case .	0
A party meeting was to be held on the following Monday and the Whips were making preparation for a vote to be taken .	1
We have data on some hazardous sites ( e.g. those regulated by CIMAH ) in the UK but a much more comprehensive approach should be adopted , especially if we are serious in the search for environmental associations with chronic diseases .	1
Harry Chaplin in the chair a very great success .	1
‘ Maybe not women , but … my parents .	0
On the other hand , if there is usually insufficient notice of need it may be necessary to keep staff who have periods with little to do between projects .	1
Perhaps you share it .	1
Sigillaria bark is covered with little horseshoe-shaped scars ( leaf cushions ) .	1
Am I ?	0
Well you 'll have to .	0
He could usually get through quite easily until after lunch .	1
I do n't know she just said	0
No , you 're not allowed to have it .	0
And at home .	0
you like all your	0
He come home Thursday .	0
He sat back again , eyeing the blank wall before him , confident that he 'd catch it , however good it was .	0
The four were Mr Cook , Ken Livingstone , John Evans and Clare Short .	0
And Paddy Cosgrove blushes .	0
‘ Take that fucking urbane look off your face and face reality , Adam .	1
I 'll come back later .	0
( Though in Van Gogh 's case , the names , Theodorus , Vincent , Vincent , Theodorus , appeared and reappeared from generation to generation , the cultural parallels to certain persisting aspects of the family face , a heavy brow , an intense blue eye , a cheek bone , a nostril . )	1
Mm .	0
this was about last week 's episode ?	1
They are far too civilised for that sort of thing in Bangladesh , but I kept thinking wistfully of T. S. Eliot 's lines in Sweeney Agonistes about ‘ a nice little white little missionary stew ’ .	1
It is easy to present the relevant equations ; we have all of eqns ( 1.1 ) -(1.7) but have to substitute a/at = O , yielding formula .	1
Sorry to intrude on your on your privacy .	1
How , how many what did you carry out yourself ?	0
Now that 's right !	1
or else we 're going to be late	0
Noting that formula] and anticipating the relationship formula] to be derived in Section 5.7 , we get the following formula for the force formula] , where c is the velocity of light .	1
places in Leicestershire .	0
However , the later withdrawal of government support , with the scrapping of the Community Programme as unemployment receded , left many of these voluntary organizations high and dry .	1
Right in but it 's only a few minutes away .	0
I 'll go and collect my hat and coat ! ’	1
He said : ‘ The Blaney children are walking home .	0
Do it again	0
Kimmy !	0
They are .	0
But Nell was hardly listening .	0
A man tried to .	0
That 's enough	1
This idea led Hewitt and Burton ( 1971 ) to develop the concept of ‘ all-hazards-at-a-place ’ .	0
Isobel likes scones .	0
With who ?	1
messed me up !	1
It 's still , you know silly little things	0
I like pee pee !	0
Derby , that 's right .	1
Section 210.2 of the Model Penal Code includes within murder those reckless killings which manifest ‘ extreme indifference to the value of human life ’ .	1
will sit there cringing , said I ca n't believe they put this rubbish on terrible .	1
IN this chapter we shall be concerned with phenomena in which the main role is played by the current of charged particles .	1
That I find a little bit hard to believe .	1
After 10 years of teaching Allan had had enough .	1
From the optical properties of this mineral we know that the lens was able to interpret light coming from a direction more or less at right-angles to the lens surface .	1
The struggle reflects a revolution in mass consciousness , by which people have come to realise that ideas and aspirations must be embodied in manifest acts if reality is to be changed .	1
Fig. 8 .	0
The venerable ex . ’	0
Now an Arsenal team in peak health would have kept a grip on the match .	1
What about out there ?	1
No-one lives up here in the cleft of the White Kielder Burn .	0
There are presently about 300 CIMAH sites .	0
Do they extend the definition of murder too far , or are they too narrow .	1
bath every , every now and again yeah .	1
‘ But of course I must go .	0
‘ I 've always wanted to fly .	0
Introduction	0
Since we are not yet able to predict all the interactions which may be important in a study of environmental problems , collecting potentially useful data as well as those believed central to the problem under study is often wise ;	0
It 's about .	0
Exactly .	0
The art world is very close to its own Watergate .	1
What about you ?	1
Moreover , commercial monitoring of the environment is now also routine , notably to predict crop yields in the main grain-growing areas and hence facilitate the buying of futures .	0
Drink : Desire in search of a name : Do the French have the ‘ mot juste ’ to describe the desire for a reviving drink ?	1
Off we go again I go home .	0
Second , family health service authorities ( FHSAs ) , are also required to take on these roles , but from the viewpoint of primary health care services .	1
Thus the algal bloom off the Italian Adriatic shore in 1989 is reckoned to have caused the holiday trade and local fisherman losses running into tens if not hundreds of millions of pounds .	0
By the Sycamore gardens in Kensington .	0
Shah ( 1983 ) made a comprehensive investigation of natural disaster reports for the period 1974–80 and concluded that both disaster frequency and magnitude ( measured in terms of lives lost ) are increasing .	0
You 're gon na help me , you 're gon na stay here I 'm afraid	0
Stuart .	0
You rally , you stand up and face it .	1
That 's very good	1
No it wo n't .	0
The backs were mainly pedestrian but the fundamental problem lay elsewhere .	1
Notwithstanding Mrs Thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state variable are considerable .	0
Erm no , we were here .	0
Yes , yeah .	0
Have you got lots of spare tapes ?	0
‘ He is .	0
The monitoring network has become known as the radioactive incident monitoring network ( RIMNET ) and has , as its prime responsibility , the detection of abnormal increases in radiation levels within the UK of the kind that might arise from an overseas nuclear accident .	0
In 1912 ordinary subscriptions still brought in only £12000 a year and it proved difficult to raise them to anything like what was needed .	1
I 'd like to sign it now	0
‘ Now what next ?	0
The Intifada is the midwife of freedom .	1
He 's been an athlete .	0
Thus we may safely ignore the magnetic field when determining the lines of current flow .	1
They did n't want the Yanks stumbling in and screwing up in an attempt to force the issue .	1
Primal Scream Not a name which would lead you to expect self-absorbed acoustic doodlings .	1
‘ Is that gaudy piece of junk your boat ? ’	0
it 's raining in time for us to go to school , come on	1
The meeting separated in great content with the Conservative Party all round .	1
He wondered whether Mrs Blaney was still alive .	0
Erm , I 'll eat the half	0
There you go !	1
Two nines are eighteen .	0
Well you tell	0
Evacuation plans are required to cover an area within a distance of 2.4 km ; these detail the roles to be played by the emergency services .	0
Characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;	0
She negotiated a free catalogue .	1
Other , non-remote-sensing data sets are smaller in volume but more complex in structure and in their characteristics .	0
A clever way of stifling discussion and few could have done it so well .	1
I 'm so sorry .	0
Knowing that Adam was probably in the elevator on his way to the beach , Buzz hurled herself out of the kitchen and ran upstairs .	0
But you tell me how just how is he going to do it ?	0
It was in the paper this morning .	1
There were , in fact , about a score .	1
We have to stop here for a moment to sort out the coordinates .	1
‘ The concept of the company does not interest me - it 's the businesses that are important .	0
What happens then ?	1
But as soon as Nate heard about the latest strike , that was it .	1
Seventy mile an hour .	0
Carl said he , he looked er well er , his face did , it were very he 's got a very poxy skin .	0
But Shiva and Lili Manjusri saw the picture and so did Rufus Fletcher .	0
So in practice the ‘ grievous bodily harm ’ rule goes further than the arguments of its protagonists would support .	1
Is that alright ?	1
It had happened three times now .	0
well I think half five , but then sometimes quarter to	1
The equipment consists of , perhaps , four word processors , a modem , a laser printer able to produce artwork-quality output , a fax and a photocopier .	0
A more general definition of resistance valid for varying cross-sections may be easily arrived at , but it is hardly worth the trouble .	1
Oh right can we not take her home ?	0
You know that . ’	1
Doctors are worried that women turning to prostitution to finance the habit are at risk of contracting Aids .	1
I did n't want a , a whole	0
Further studies , the researchers believe , should concentrate on pregnant women known to have a zinc deficiency or to be at risk from problems during labour .	1
About a week ago	1
bit of cleaner .	1
I do n't think they like it .	0
but it 's still it 's in between Nice and Monaco .	0
The problems , however , were not confined to violent upheavals of this kind .	1
( The requirements of causation in the criminal law are discussed elsewhere . )	1
You did n't watch it last night .	0
They had a code-name amongst themselves .	1
What next ?	0
Daniel did not change .	1
They argued that existing maps and digitized files from them are unable to meet these needs at global or regional scale and only remote sensing could help in the short term : the availability of stereometric data from the French SPOT satellite has already led to proposals for automated creation of global digital elevation models with a spatial ( XY ) resolution of about 30 m ( Muller 1989 ) .	0
‘ Stop knocking yourself . ’	1
It 's still going ?	1
‘ Do you , Pat ?	0
And I 've decided to take up riding again .	1
McLeish thanked him gravely , feeling , as he often did with the Wilsons , that he was being enveloped in a large feather eiderdown , and , made restless by the call , went down the corridor to where he knew Catherine Crane was also in , getting her office in order .	1
Well possibly , I do n't know love .	0
I 'll have that one .	0
Take this take this	0
Even monitoring of the present is very imperfect , as witness the order of magnitude variations in estimates now current for deforestation rates .	0
This is considered in more detail in Chapter 3 .	1
She climbed the stairs to her room , then undressed and went to bed , wetting the pillow with her tears which , held back all day , now flowed unchecked .	0
Such a link is provided by the Central Postcode Directory , which matches all 1.5 million unit postcodes in the UK to grid references .	0
They they do these things months beforehand .	1
The plastic pitch is no excuse .	0
But I mean these are , these are major things .	1
Jackboots beneath the serge Television .	1
Because of their early contact with parents they often had considerable influence in steering parents towards specialist provision .	1
Hmm	0
In all forms .	1
But other aspects of the dinosaur living habits are still more strongly debated .	1
my windows again Thursday .	0
‘ We mean you no harm .	0
The Iznik pottery from Turkey dating from the fifteenth and sixteenth century explodes with colour on more sophisticated white grounds ; Iznik is now highly sought after by Turkish yuppies and prices run from £2,000 or so to £15,000 .	1
It is getting quite	1
Because the networks believe westerns appeal mainly to middle-aged men , Young Riders has a cast of five pouting young male actors , in an attempt to make a western with ‘ good demographics ’ .	1
‘ Miss Williams ! ’	0
Interrupted by customers .	1
Oh you 've got a pretty picture for it ?	0
Something that linked them , was a reminder of how they had got there .	1
And Petrarch lived quite near here in Avignon , and I am seeing the same cypresses and oleanders …	0
I will lose my practice and my reputation and everything that I have and can look forward to , if not my liberty .	1
Buzz held the envelope out to Elinor .	0
‘ I know that 's what Mueller 's always wanted , but Nate and the Executive Committee would never fall for that bloody empire-building game !	1
That 's lazy !	1
Thrusts of resistance ( mass demonstrations , resignations , tax rebellions , etc ) would come in crests .	1
That 's a bit chilly , he 's a man .	0
The results are terse and sharply etched , like the best line drawings .	1
‘ Do n't be afraid . ’	0
The next section describes attempts to create a clear under-fives policy .	1
I see	1
Bye , bye everybody ,	0
To where ?	0
They know it 's Doctor so	0
In this chapter , the primary concern is with changes occurring over time spans from minutes to centuries and from spatial wavelengths from about 1 m to about 100 km .	0
You do it yourself !	0
Listen to me !	1
Systematic use of a checklist often reveals faults in work design such as inadequate access , visibility and labelling .	1
Mm , oh very good are n't you ?	0
This leads to premature wear and plumes of blue smoke spewing from the exhaust .	1
You might have given her another stroke . ’	1
I like	0
During 1985 this issue was raised once again , though by then the extent of mass unemployment and urban de-industrialization and decay was more stark than it had been in 198l .	1
His tone was sharp .	1
Is that naughty ?	1
By 1995/96 , they will be very much greater , notably from the EOS programme .	0
was n't overweight in any way .	1
‘ Oh , this will be of great help in ordering raw materials , but sometimes we get part deliveries , could we have an extra facility to deal with those ?	1
There is a wider impact , too .	1
It wo n't work	1
"In many quarters it is asserted that the Unionist Press are treated with greater courtesy by the Radicals than by their own side . """	1
The checklist itself may be inconsistent , incomplete , imprecise or ambiguous .	0
One should finish it come on	1
Telling everyone about her mum and dad when they and erm how she talked to her mum about that , and it helped her .	1
Needless to say , the study of natural hazards is important , a statement brought into sharp focus by the fact that natural hazards account for up to 4 per cent of total deaths in the world each year ( Mitchell , 1974 ) .	0
Come on	1
And then the media coom down and blow everything up . ’	1
Frida Kahlo : The Two Fridas , 1939 , 173.5x173 cm .	0
But the best answers are probably obtained where the functional design of the fossil points to the same life habits as a living analogue , and where both are consistent with the geological circumstances in which the fossil remains occur .	1
You know , I mean , she keeps stopping but she 's , she 's remarkable !	0
However , while the former has been given considerable attention by geographers ( summarized by Openshaw et al. 1989 ) there has been relatively little such work in the UK on the disposal of non-nuclear wastes .	0
I 've been up the bath .	0
She felt in her pocket for the key .	0
Hence the magnetic force on the electron at the edge of the beam ( at R = a ) is formula] , and on the positive particle is formula] .	1
‘ Even got my own toilet .	0
Some say it was the importing of whole streets of fighting families from the fishquays , with their dockland diversions of prostitution , drug-dealing and handling .	1
""" A postcard , yes . """	0
Can I help you plant the ?	0
And I found we 'd run out of milk for Anthony .	1
Poor old lady .	1
The day of the hearing of her second case she had been found dead .	0
Well he said well it seems funny they 're going out does n't it ?	0
You can feel it .	1
She fought hard to get him a part-time playgroup place in the group his older brother attended .	1
The sales combine items of charm at fairly accessible prices with some rare treasures aimed at big-time collectors .	1
The sale of most of the lossmaking tyre distribution business to Sumitomo , now also a minority shareholder in the only British-controlled tyremaker 's plant , gives the board confidence in some improvement this year , despite a poor immediate outlook for the motor producers .	1
A bloody charlatan ! ’	1
The solid uncooperative bundle was surprisingly heavy ; it was like trying to manoeuvre a firm and rather smelly poultice .	1
I do that .	1
By the time he had rallied and got himself together and was thinking of things to say to the police it was too late and they were heading north .	1
The rest of lunch passed in similar diversion , interspersed with details of last week 's turnover which were never far from Barton 's mind , whatever other distractions offered .	1
That 's it !	1
And Forster 's neck 's on the line .	1
Yeah , I mean personally .	0
The structure of the developing national authority has been both diffuse enough to prevent it from being destroyed by any one single sweep of arrests ( there have been more than 50,000 arrests since the Intifada 's outbreak ) , and coherent enough to allow for the existence of a unified resistance strategy .	1
go home	0
It 's fours int it ?	0
They prefer the ram 'em and bang 'em method .	1
One nine is nine , two nines are eighteen , three nines are	0
‘ I think it could be on the cards .	1
I bet there has .	1
""" Going about your father 's business , are you ? """	1
No , I tell you what I 'd like you know the ones ?	0
Daddy 's got the marge .	0
By using Stokes ' theorem for the left-hand-side and recognizing that the integral of the current density gives the current , the above equation reduces to formula , where the line integration is along the curve C enclosing the surface .	1
In general , they suggest that the model provided reasonable and reliable evacuation times .	0
need to read a song ?	0
The Central Office attitude was flexible , for outside bodies would always exist and could even be made use of :	1
It was argued in Chapter 2 that the criminal law ought to spread its net wider where the potential harm is greater .	1
Oh yes , yeah .	0
""" You could read it another way , "" said Alexander , interested now , "" you could read the pears as androgynous in themselves , as partly male . """	1
Neither , at first , did the incoming administration foresee the impact of rising unemployment , which was to be especially serious among the urban young .	1
Here we are two role forms .	1
Oh full points !	1
She 's had a lot of that today .	1
Yeah there 's quite a lot actually in that price range of homes .	1
Not a sign of spring had yet penetrated this secret valley , but another month would put that right .	1
His successful bid was for £190,000 although he had made a higher prior offer which had been turned down .	1
Nowak laughed .	0
In the forefront of this scene flutters the dress , incongruously vibrant despite its suggestion of loss .	1
on turning round	1
Carson thereupon fell out of the contest — or rather announced that he was not standing , for no official nominations had been made .	1
student night , having a lot of staff on , it 's pointless having ah , I mean , the bouncers in that situation .	1
I thought I was world-weary then .	0
Er yeah .	0
49 Fossil bony fish , Lates gracilis , Eocene .	0
Once free of the knotted tentacles of the eastern suburbs , Dalgliesh made good time and by three he was driving through Lydsett village .	1
A car go down .	1
It was in June 1911 that the first scenes of disorder were mounted in the House of Commons , led by Lord Hugh Cecil .	1
It 's all on that fall .	0
This led to the initiation of an under-fives review .	1
No , this is a Swede !	0
Yes , yes .	0
Yeah , and and you got	0
it helps	1
Television had postponed Manchester United 's scheduled visit to Anfield so it could be shown live on 22 December , the longest night .	1
Yes a goodly pile .	0
Yes because he really wants to know .	0
About two minutes .	1
nothing exciting really .	0
Their role in bringing environmental impact assessment ( EIA ) on to the statute book is well known , but the Commission has now made a proposal ( CEC 1989 ) for the ‘ establishment of the European Environment Agency and the European Environment Monitoring and Information Network ’ .	0
During both April and July 1981 vigorous exchanges took place in the press and in Parliament about the role that deteriorating social conditions and unemployment may have played in bringing about the riots .	1
Of course , the initial system will not be perfect .	0
The wonderful thing about the human mind , Adam thought , is the way it copes when the worst happens .	1
Doctors in Bristol decided to test the theory .	0
Reliance is currently placed on a network of monitoring stations , often sparsely located and frequently outside fog-prone areas ; GIS could implement a predictive model based on digitized map features and indeed the model could also be used in site allocation studies for airports and the like .	0
we 're giving it to her .	0
She was a schoolteacher .	0
The effect is rather like an extended advertisement for Marlboro Lights .	1
Such neglect has done nothing for their confidence .	1
In the third quarter Bridgend had little difficulty in wiping out an 11-point deficit , Huw Bevan supporting Aled Williams 's break for their second try .	1
Because I came , I came to er Dellasel	0
Where 's one blown over ?	0
He said the NHS should address itself more to the needs of cancer patients so that they do not feel they have to go outside the system .	1
Do it more	0
But there could be no doubt that fundamentally it was … human .	0
More than that , it seems highly likely that the social science aspects of environmental problems will underpin the actions of governments and international agencies .	0
She came up and kissed him .	1
But there are .	0
You was with me .	0
Mind you , I thought oh yeah .	0
Well vaguely , but	0
It was terrible .	0
The National 's Boris Godunov was built around Ognovenko ; he had to stay home .	1
The offices of R and B. Lettings are now up for sale .	1
now cos .	0
Were we ?	0
‘ Early retirement . ’	0
But Major makes a point of not being grand , and with Sir David it is the other way about .	1
Right , toast and marmite , times two .	0
No what rubbish	1
Many developers use business analysts to ensure that the development team maintain a proper focus on business requirements .	1
By ROGER BELL	0
, yeah .	0
Their respective positions explain this in part : as ex-Prime Minister and a considerable figure in his own right , Balfour had the confidence to believe in his own judgement even when isolated from the bulk of the party ; as the tertium quid in the recent contest , Law had neither the weight nor the confidence to take such a detached view .	1
Be nice !	0
Someone might ring . ’	1
From the narrow accountancy viewpoint , people are a cost and it is desirable to keep this cost as low as possible .	1
‘ Jamie , did you let Patty off the lead ? ’	0
If you ask mummy she 'll	0
Four nines are thirty six , five nines are forty five , six nines fifty four , seven nine are sixty three .	0
The aim is to analyse a problem which economic growth alone has failed to cure — and to consider possible new forms of public action .	1
To her , the long summer days had stretched ahead , world without end .	1
Endless trouble to many people in courts and council offices and much money could be saved by the giving of notice of disrepair .	1
Cloth .	0
The standard of manual design has traditionally been very low for several reasons .	1
That 's .	0
how many little do you have ?	0
We have cut airborne lead by 50 per cent .	0
Mark demanded .	0
""" I 'll push off ."	1
Further afield , we need to recognize that some disasters ( most obviously Chernobyl ) will have implications for more than one country so that environmental monitoring should take place with some kind of international co-ordination .	1
Twenty seven .	0
Was n't it ?	0
We shall discuss the rest first ( Sections 3.2–3.5 ) , and that will give us some idea of the relative significance of electric and magnetic fields .	1
He 's admitted to being a Liberal ! ’	1
That last sentence has more to do with Kinnock than with Major .	1
In later conversations about Ulster , Law was frank enough to point out that bloodshed in Ulster would be the best way of ensuring an electoral landslide for the Unionists .	1
She repeatedly phoned Landlords , but was either unable to get an answer or told that manager Howard Keizner was unavailable .	1
But the ground conditions in some parts of Europe make good results extremely difficult to obtain : some areas of Portugal , for instance , have field sizes of only a few metres and exhibit multi-level and multi-seasonal cropping .	0
You are letting this disappointment — and that 's all it is , you 're still a very well-off young woman — get in the way of everything . ’	1
for example , can hazards really be thought of as having any intentionality ?	0
Are they quenching ?	1
And I , I , it was when I had my own car and I drove there .	0
to keep them	0
strong hmm ?	1
In saying that hang on , no , hang on .	1
Just got the urge , that 's all . ’	1
The bathroom	0
‘ Is there more ? ,	0
However it does provide a useful introduction to the origins of the Alcohol Education Course reported here .	1
There seems to be a growing interest in examining associations between ill health and the geological environment .	0
Many areas that appear to be hazard-free on current maps may merely by passing through a temporary period of quiescence .	0
Spatial analysis features particularly prominent on the research agenda relating to natural and technological hazards and geodemographics .	0
However , we should bear in mind the earlier point about the resolution of the data , since such electromagnetic effects have a very weak effect beyond perhaps 50 m ( Wertheimer and Leeper 1982 ) .	0
Who must ?	0
Can Kimmy be one of our bridesmaids ?	0
I 'd like that .	1
""" I think he is often useful , in his way ."	1
Mm !	0
Bit too much	0
Actually it must be quite interesting looking at the development of language as time goes on .	1
Well it 's always takes a long time .	1
And I 've got ta get erm	0
Although the proposed method is novel , it is but one of an increasingly large number of methods designed to detect and model ‘ clusters ’ of disease ( see , for example , Cuzick and Edwards 1990 ) .	0
We only need to remember the differential equation for the scalar potential formula ( eqn ( 2.12 ) ) and its solution in the form of eqn ( 2.24 ) .	1
Eight pound ?	0
Both women looked at him in joint appeal and he marched to the door , pulling it open with unnecessary force .	1
But it was Gerry Conlon 's account of being interrogated after the Guildford bombings that made the scalp crawl .	1
‘ So why should the English guy take off with the girl ? ’	0
Yeah but , maybe , maybe a hundred people .	0
disco context .	1
They too contain useful material on , for instance , the locations of sites , though individual site licences must be consulted for details of what each is permitted to take in the way of hazardous wastes .	0
Stuck out like a sore	1
No , Gauguin said .	0
No , leave the sound !	1
Well it 's sort of pulled out , but at least it 's .	0
I know where to go .	0
No of course not	0
It was a great help to us .	1
Of course , the line between art and life is a particularly hard one to draw in Kahlo 's case .	1
Not for the first time this season their defence had been found wanting and Oldham exploited the weaknesses to the full , owing a special debt to the inspiration and tireless running of Henry and Milligan .	1
Well er well , first	0
I 'm waiting here so	0
I heard about this latest Merseyside strike in Istanbul .	1
Well yeah , we had a	0
One side of the road there were three brothels and on the other side there were four .	0
Who else is there with her in there ?	1
How high up the ladder did they go ? ’	1
Certainly , in terms of the volume of waste generated in the UK non-nuclear hazardous industrial wastes should be high on the environmental agenda ; while less than 1 million tonnes of all nuclear wastes were generated in 1985–86 , 10 times that amount were generated of hazardous wastes ( Openshaw et al. 1989 : 13 ) .	0
What age will she teach then ?	0
His code-name was Lucy and his network , the Lucy Ring .	1
But Wales were having us on .	1
Well how come	1
and deafness hmm	0
‘ I feel like a Maharajah waiting for the tiger to pounce on the tied-up goat , ’ Forster grinned .	1
I do n't think you can see things the way I see them .	1
Bankside Power Station should never have been built .	0
Smoking heroin ( ‘ chasing the dragon ’ ) was one feature of the upsurge .	1
Bloody ridiculous them blokes at the DTI pushing assistance for Huerter .	1
This area of application would appear to be an obvious market for such a product .	1
They would wish to interview every former owner or occupant of Wyvis Hall .	0
I wo n't go through all their successes , but it was substantial .	1
gon na get them now .	0
The members , many of whom are unable to fulfil the latest £101m cash call due on March 2 to cover 1989–90 losses on syndicates were seeking an interim injunction to stop members ' agents and Lloyd 's dipping into their security .	1
No , she probably does n't like it .	0
And it 's on the , on the Station Road .	0
‘ I do n't expect I 'll see much . ’	0
And he said erm like it 's the clots to your brains that erm that cause it , you know .	0
You never know .	0
Spring comes late to this windbitten and rain-soaked valley .	1
Well I do n't mind .	0
In Glasgow he had picked up many of the skills that a more highly-born politician might have acquired in the Oxford Union or at the Bar , but skills that were very different in appearance .	1
I mean	0
I had to fight every step of the way for this .	1
No no it 's before Monaco .	0
Questions relating to data integration emerge as being particularly critical in terms of environmental monitoring and settlement and infrastructure applications .	0
for her birthday .	0
I just come back	0
I do n't want the disorder , the pain , the mess , or the misery of being in love .	1
so it 's not the fucking cleaner .	0
Which equation should we use in a practical case , the equation for the vector potential , Ampère 's law , Biot-Savart 's law , or attack directly Maxwell 's equations ?	1
Who cooked there ?	0
Well I do .	0
Just human . ’	0
But I did go out or something .	0
Prototyping is crucial to systems development , argues Ian Richards Tailored to fit .	1
Go on , yeah .	1
I agree .	0
And the	0
IN THE crusade to make everyone guilty about everything , there is a new technique : tetranalysis , the study of colour , sound , motion and form in movies .	1
with work .	1
You might have assumed this was the police bluffing and bullying .	1
""" Helping out , "" said Frederica ."	0
‘ They wo n't plan to supply the US market from imports .	1
Penelope , however , it had to be acknowledged , had made no attempt to rise above the blow she had been dealt by finding a dazzling girl of her own age favoured over herself in her uncle 's will .	1
This mixture , heated by recession and high unemployment , inevitably generates a high level of crime .	1
Oh that 's nice !	1
Identify broad social strategies to prevent or mitigate undesirable impacts of global change or to adapt to changes which are unavoidable ;	0
Seven fifty .	0
Erm margarine	0
No , he 's at Solihull .	0
The majority of rioters who took part in these unhappy events were young , black and Afro-Caribbean origin .	1
Well I 'm drawing lines .	1
Yeah , I can post it to her .	0
The snippet in Rufus 's Monday morning newspaper measured just an inch in depth .	1
to look up .	0
So much of its beauty had been stripped from it by the whipping winds .	1
The sergeant confirmed that that happened with bodies after a few days .	1
Can I get you a coffee , Mr Sanders ?	0
And ?	0
glibly with these , these statements .	1
6 .	0
Patrick you know where I would like to go and look at this thing we have to	1
In the first group session the counselling method is registered in the course tutor 's notes ( Menary , 1986 ) by the explanation : ‘ This session aims to get participants to consider the subject of alcohol in ways they had not thought of in the past ’ ( p. 3 ) .	1
But how will I know where to go ? .	0
They had weathered Bridgend 's early fury , conceding a try before coming back with some confidence to score three of their own .	1
It will be a further challenge to Israel 's occupation , conceived in the image of earlier challenges of the Intifada .	1
In the coloured area .	0
Relief surged through her like a physical infusion of new blood .	1
Given time available to train new staff it is not necessary to keep more than a nucleus in that particular expertise .	1
This is the airing cupboard in here is it ?	0
We shall , therefore , introduce a number of alternative formulations .	1
oh there 's a few at forty odd .	1
I suggest you ask your Allies about that .	1
There is a potty for emergencies .	0
I 've grown up in it .	1
No , no , no , where ?	0
Although that is the position in law , the court emphasised that as a matter of commonsense a tenant should first complain to the landlord before exercising the right to prosecute .	1
Well I , I , I asked him what he wanted for Christmas	0
Do n't you get headaches from	1
Those guys put people into space , put our people on the moon .	1
‘ In the where're-we-going department . ’	1
By OLIVIA TIMBS	0
But mum it 's a bit late from that .	1
That 's the kitchen is it ?	0
By November 1912 only fifty-one constituencies in Great Britain were without candidates , a much better position than the position at dissolution in either 1909 or 1910 ; few of these fifty-one constituencies were winnable , but in any case most of them had candidates by the end of 1913 .	1
The Elle feature transposed the ‘ Kahlo style ’ to Kahlo lookalikes in contemporary clothing balanced around segments of Herrera 's biography of the artist .	1
Oh , what ?	0
Never again . ’	0
I have n't got my glasses .	0
so we 'll have a go at it today	1
That 's one corporate plan that ca n't win , not in the long term .	1
Mrs Carson gave her maid a sharp , compassionate look .	1
The unclothed body is not a ‘ self but a socialised body , a body that is opened by instruments , technologized , wounded , its organs displayed to the outside world .	1
One , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four	0
The first section provides an overview of provision and services in 1983 .	1
This was a brilliant move .	1
It 's hard to tell .	1
That 's , that 's yours is it ?	0
But you do n't need it in the car .	0
The point is rather that , even though knowingly taking risks with other people 's lives is usually unjustifiable , taking a slight risk is less serious than intentionally causing death .	1
It would create a further fact that would put Israel on the spot .	1
You think you 're omnipotent — but you are n't . ’	0
and lots of	0
Look at this just one rose .	0
Oldham took up the attack again and Barlow , who had a fine match at left-back , totally containing Rocastle , floated in a deep cross beyond Winterburn .	1
Nobody spoke immediately .	0
To stimulate the development and the application within the agency of techniques of environmental modelling and forecasting in order that adequate preventative action can be taken at the appropriate time ;	0
Look !	0
The essential thing is that the relation formula] is equivalent to Ohm 's law .	1
We 've been paying anyway , so it must of you know .	0
Very .	0
Yeah , now and again .	0
As with any such study there are the usual problems of ecological analysis and influences of migration , together with issues of separating out the risk factors under investigation from possible confounding factors .	0
I ca n't get up now mummy .	0
By the 1950s , The Ridges was the criminal ghetto of Newcastle , and by the 1970s a costly council manicure job had turned it into a free-fire zone .	1
By 1986/7 the Urban Programme was supporting 1,380 starter units and 400 business starts in enterprise workshops .	1
I sit a mummy .	0
